Wei xiaodi
Your name is wei xiaodi and was born in a warm family.Your father is a genius of music, and you have inherited his musical talent, and you have passed the piano ten level ten in elementary school.But his father now has a small book and newspapers to maintain his livelihood. You ask him why he is not on the road of music, and he always smiles without talking.
In your memory, parents will talk in the room from time to time. You can occasionally hear "give up" and "if not him, how can we live so difficult".Sometimes when you inadvertently open your father's bag, you can also see the business cards of some lawyers' practices.You want to know the story behind, but every time you ask your parents, they always don't answer.
In 2010, his father had a serious illness, and his face was less and less smile, and he was depressed every day.Mother seems to be serious. You want to solve problems for them, but you can't do anything.
In August 2015, your father died, leaving a lot of relics to organize.On the top of his room's wardrobe, there is a box you have never seen before.You opened it and found that there was a manuscript of the scores inside. It was your father's handwriting. The signature was also your father. The time was 1995.11.28.
You can't get familiar with this score.In 1996, an unknown generation released an original piano song to make a sensation in the music industry. This person is Qin Expert.You like this song very much.
Seeing all this, you seem to understand everything.In order to confirm the truth, you took the piano scores to find your mother to ask the ins and outs of the matter.Yes, the one who stole the original work of my father, suppressing and threatening your family, and the dying of your father is qin expert.You vowed secretly that you must get revenge for the Wei family and justice for your father.
On September 1, 2015, you came to the Qingbei High School.In your class, a person named Qin Laoda has attracted your attention, because he is only sleeping in each lesson, and he is usually very high -toe. In addition to one of his younger brothers, there seems to be many fox friends and dog friends.
During a certain class, you heard someone talking about qin lapa, saying that he was the son of the famous musician Qin Expert.You are shuddering, and you have a class with the son of the enemy.You want to rush to Qin Laoda to death immediately, but think about being suppressed by Qin Expert for so many years in your house, you can't let Qin Laoda die so easily.Calm down, you decide to bear the burden for a while, the gentleman revenge, it is not too late for ten years.
You started to approach Qin Laoda intentionally or unintentionally, and gradually got his favor and became his second follow -up.You are doing a spiritual and smooth man. He trusts you very much. He tells you everything. You are also trying to collect his handle and seek the opportunity to revenge.
In September 2016, you chose the liberal arts with Qin Laoda and joined the class (7) in high school (7).Change the new sports teacher Xiao Tiyu and music teacher Xue Meiniang. You know that they are model couples of the school, but you don't care.There is a girl named Zhuang Qingchun in the class that attracted your attention. You think she is pure and elegant, and he plays a good piano.But you have no intention of revenge, and you do n’t have too much to show your heart, you only know that she has a good relationship with JIA Meili in the same class.
After self -study on the evening of October 26, 2016, you and his group went out to eat supper. When you passed the corner of a certain alley on the way, you found some sounds inside.Qin Laoda walked over, and you followed, and found that a group of people in the class bullying a classmate.Qin Laoda asked them to put the classmate, and the guy succumbed to Qin Laoda's reputation.You know that he does not do this out of justice, but to enjoy the taste of this kind of obedience.
The rescued person is called Zheng Youhao, and is a person with excellent grades in the class.Since then, Zheng Youhao has been intersecting with the three of you, slowly starting to help you run your legs to buy things, and help you write homework.Qin Laoda told you more than once that he thinks this dog is really easy to make.You are poor, Zheng Youhao, because you know that Qin Laoda is not a good person, so when Qin Laoda insults him, you can not conform to it.
In a evening self -study class in March 2018, Qin Laoda called Zheng Youhao as usual as usual to buy supper for everyone.Zheng Youhao said he was going to the office to send homework, and wanted to let Qin Laoda help to bring supper.
Qin Laoda stunned obviously and said with a smile, "I'm going to go to the toilet to shit, will I bring it back to eat it?" After that, his other younger brother laughed, and you were silent.
For such a long time, you have enough people in Qin Laoda's eyes and unobstructed mouth.The college entrance examination is approaching, everyone is about to run, and you feel that the timing is coming.
June 1, 2018 is the last Friday before the college entrance examination. Candidates from the school will go home to rest and wait for the college entrance examination after this day.On this night, your classmates of your senior high school (7) will go to the restaurant near the school to eat loose meals.You are ready to do it after meals.
At 19:00, the banquet was fired on time.During the banquet, JIA Meili was particularly attentive to Qin Laoda and took the initiative toast, but she usually had no intersection with Qin Laoda.
At 21:00, everyone finished eating and prepared to go home.You find that Qin Laoda's spirit is a bit sluggish, thinking that you drink too much.Qin Laoda said that he would go back to the dormitory to take some luggage first. You said that you just happened to be in the dormitory and left the restaurant with him.
21:15, you return to the dormitory with Qin Laoda.You find a fruit knife that has long been prepared and enter the dormitory of Qin Laoda.As soon as you enter the door, you can see Qin Laoda squatting pale on the ground.You step forward and give care, and stabbed his abdomen fiercely while he didn't pay attention.Qin Laoda did not resist and fell to the ground instantly.
21:18, you glanced at the Qin Laoda who was still struggling on the ground and left his dormitory.
At 21:20, you hurriedly left with the luggage that had long been packed.When I walked out of the door of the dormitory building, there was a boy in black passing by, and you didn't care.
At 22:00, you have been summoned by the police.