Xiao tiyu
Your name is Xiao Tiyu, a basketball player. After retiring in 2010, he went to Qingbei High School Education Sports and served as the director of the school's sports department in 2014.
If you are tall and handsome, you have always been the object of admiration for female teachers, but after so many years, you have never found the other half.Maybe the fate has not arrived, you always tell yourself.
In September 2016, a new music teacher came from the school called Xue Meiniang.The female teacher is not young, but it is very charming, and the unique temperament on her body attracts you all at once.You decided to launch a love offensive for her, and soon she agreed to your pursuit and was with you.Your love is quite sweet, and is the golden boy and jade girl envied in the school.
In the early summer of 2017, you played basketball with the students and accidentally hit a girl on the sidelines.You know this girl, it is your classmate in your class, called Zhuang Qingchun.If you don't feel about it, he sent her to the medical room for a checks, and helped her buy the medicine that was injured and sent her back to the dormitory.
Since then, Zhuang Qingchun has often went to see you playing basketball, and also gives you water and towels.You feel her love, but you already have a girlfriend, and you will deliberately keep a distance with Zhuang Qingchun.
Unexpectedly, the more you avoided, the more you dodge, Zhuang Qingchun became more vigorous, and it seemed that you would not get your response.At this time, you feel that Xue Meiniang seems to be getting more and more indifferent to you.You have not been able to keep the line of defense and violate school regulations to become a pair of underground lover with Zhuang Qingchun.
February 14, 2018 is Valentine's Day and the birthday of Zhuang Qingchun.In the past, Zhuang Qingchun told you that she likes the story of "Zhuang Zhou Mengdie". She has always eager to be the literati of the Zhuang family, and one day she transformed into a lifelike butterfly in a dream.Therefore, you specialize in the most famous local jewelry workshop to create a unique butterfly earri for Zhuang Qingchun.Since then, she has always been with this pair of earrings, so I like it.
At the end of April 2018, when you and Zhuang Qingchun secretly affected in the sports equipment room, he was hit by Jia Meili.This Jia Meili is also a student you taught, or Zhuang Qingchun's girlfriend.You ask zhuang Qingchun what to do, she said it was okay, she could handle it.You are still uneasy, after all, it is related to your reputation, but after two days, you find that there is no words. He thinks that Zhuang Qingchun has been properly resolved, and then let go.
Who knows that about a week, Jia Meili will come to you. It takes a lot of sealing fee, but you can't pay so much money at all.JIA Meili threatened you that if you don't give her the money, she will tell the school leader to make you fell as well as.You think that it is not easy for you to mix in this leadership position for so many years, and if you are found to fall in love with students, it is difficult to find a job in the future, but it is impossible for this money to make up.of.So you rushed for a long time and disappeared.
Unexpectedly, the leaders of the Academic Affairs Office held a meeting the next day, saying that some students reported that some school leaders had a style problem. At the meeting, you received a text message from Jia Meili: "I will not just say that when I do n’t give the money next time I reportSome school leaders! ".You know that JIA Meili would not give up without getting money, so she planned to do nothing, let her take this secret forever!
So you discussed her for a long time, saying that she couldn't raise so much money so quickly, so that she would give herself a month.JIA Meili promised you, but during this period, you did not raise money, but bought a bottle of "heart -stricter powder" online. After a few hours of taking it, it will cause heart failure.Look.
【June 1, 2018】
June 1, 2018 is the last Friday before the college entrance examination. Candidates from the school will go home to rest and wait for the college entrance examination after this day.That night, you are the leaders on duty and are responsible for several buildings on the patrol campus.You are going to poison JIA Meili tonight, so you extend your patrol time at 21:30 at 21:30.In this way, even if JIA Meili was not died suddenly but poisoned, it also made everyone think that JIA Meili was poison in the sangan meal.
20:30, you start the area of patrol campus.
At 21:30, you only enter the student dormitory building to start patrol, and want to wait for the opportunity to find JIA Meili.
21:37, you patrol to the floors of the girl's dormitory of the senior high school (7), and find that the light bulb in front of the door of the dormitory is burned, and you can put it on the new light bulb.However, it was found that there was blood outside the door, and it was exactly the dormitory of Jia Meili.You opened the door with patrol keys and found that Jia Meili died on the dormitory.You secretly glad that you don't have to do it anymore, you are preparing to call the police, but you find that there is something dazzling on the ground. You picked it up and found that it was the butterfly earri you designed.This earrings are only zhuangqingchun, and the two are not in a dormitory.You doubt that this case cannot get rid of the department with zhuang qingchun.You can't bear to let your little lover get in the prison, and decide to hide it for her first, and then ask her the situation.You hide your earrings and clean up the blood outside the JIA Meili dormitory.
21:45, you left the JIA Meili dormitory and went to the boys' dormitory to continue patrol.
At 22:00, you patrolled to the floor of the third year (7) boys dormitory, and found that there were blood stains in front of the door of a dormitory.Just opened the door of the dormitory and turned on the lights, a middle -aged man came in and yelled.You look back and find Qin Laoda's bloody body.Later, I learned that it was the driver of Qin Laoda, and you reported the police together.
22:30, you received the call from the police.