Xue meiniang
Your name is Xue Meiniang, a little singer.After debuting in 2007, you are not mixed well and wandered outside the eighteenth line.You feel that your ability should not be this situation today, but he has always been red.
On July 14, 2008, you were invited to come to a small theater in W to participate in the performance.Unexpectedly, if a earthquake occurred, you were buried in the ruins and couldn't break free. A middle -aged woman rescued you.You ran away, and suddenly Yu Zhen came, the woman fell to the ground, and the falling wall was pressed against the body.Women ask you for help. You want to pull her in the past, but the aftershocks are getting stronger and stronger. You are afraid that you will be buried, and you turn around and run away.Less than 50 meters of running, the building behind her collapsed, and the woman was buried deeply.You have guilt in your heart, but you think it shouldn't be your fault. Who told her to fall?
In 2015, when you are too young, you feel that you will become famous and decide to find another way to make a living for yourself.In September 2016, you entered the Qingbei High School as a music teacher to teach the second liberal arts class.
One day after the start of school, you heard other teachers chatting in the office, saying that there was a person named Qin Laoda in the second year of high school (7). My father was a well -known musician Qin Expert.You have an impression of this person, because he always sleeps in your class, and he always follows the two students of their class, Zheng Youhao and Wei Xiaodi.
You have no pursuit of fame, but the appearance of Qin Laoda has ignited your hope.You plan to work hard for your future, even if you betray yourself, you will not say anything.After careful consideration, you have a plan in your heart.
At the same time, Xiao Tiyu, director of the Sports Department, who fell in love with you at first sight, launched a violent love attack on you.You don't have much goodwill for him, but you can be with school -level leaders, at least to keep your position in school. If the plan will fail in the future, you will not break the retreat.So, you responded to Xiao Tiyu's pursuit and were with him.
Since then, in school, you have paid special attention to Qin Laoda and given him intentionally or unintentionally; outside the school, you deliberately created a lot of encounter.Qin Laoda can't resist your charm at all, you become a pair of underground lover.
On the one hand, you maintain your lover relationship with Xiao Tiyu and are the golden boy jade girls on campus.On the other hand, he was in love with Qin Laoda to sell his body for underground teachers and students to sell his body for his fame.
Gradually, you know a lot about Qin Expert from Qin Laoda's mouth.Although Qin Expert, although his talents, his personal style is not right, good women, and bribes. In the years when he was the dean of the Conservatory of Music, he received a lot of benefits through the art test.
It turns out that the well -known Qin Expert is not a good generation, which undoubtedly increases the success rate of your plan to complete.Therefore, starting from the summer of 2017, you are becoming more enthusiastic about Qin Laoda. You think, when the Qin Laoda college entrance examination is over, you can break up with Xiao Tiyu, just right with Qin Laoda.You can use the Qin Expert forces.Unconsciously, you have a lot of coldness to xiao tiyu.
Just after New Year's Day in 2018, Qin Laoda told you that Mrs. Qin was found to be found in the hospital during the hospital's medical examination and needed hospitalization.Mrs. Qin is not the biological mother of Qin Laoda.In 2008, his biological mother was on the city of W, and he was killed unfortunately.Qin Expert didn't seem to be sad, and married Mrs. Qin the following year.Qin Expert's feelings made Qin Laoda barely with his father, but he had a good relationship with the current Mrs. Qin.
You thought, Mrs. Qin was really at the same time.If she died of illness, she would have a chance to be superior, and she could get closer to success.
One weekend, you went to the outskirts with Qin Laoda to climb the mountain with Qin Laoda.At the foot of the mountain, Qin Laoda is going to go to the toilet, and you go to the shop to help him buy water.When paying, you find that the Qin Laoda wallet has a hidden sandwich, which is the family portrait of the Qin Laoda family of three.The wife in the photo is a middle -aged woman you met in the earthquake.Then Qin Laoda's mobile phone came with a text message. You opened subconsciously and saw the text message saying: "There was a staff member who was also in the small theater in W, saying that seeing that your mother finally saved a singer and escaped together to escape togetherThe road fell, but the singer did not save her before being buried. "
After Qin Laoda came back, you pretended to ask the matter inadvertently. Qin Laoda said that he felt that his mother was strange at the beginning, and the survivors of the small theater said that the mother saved them.Let Qin Expert check the matter of the year, but Qin Expert disappeared, and Qin Laoda found someone to check by himself.You can't help but be scared. If Qin Laoda knows that in the earthquake in W, I will not let yourself go, so you will immediately deal with it.Photos, and make your next plan for yourself.
One day in mid -May 2018, Qin Laoda told you: "The JIA Meili in the class is not very old recently. It hurts my stepmother without saying, and seduce me to seduce.She. "JIA Meili and Zhuangchun are the art candidates you directly counsel, but you don't think she will be such a person. You ask the ins and outs of Qin Laoda, but Qin Laoda does not allow you to ask more.
You know that if you don't start first, wait for Qin Laoda to find that you are "murderous enemies", and the unlucky is yourself.And Qin Laoda wants to teach JIA Meili to make you a "murdered by a knife" -made JIA Meili think that qin lapa didn't want to teach her but wanted to kill her. To protect his life, you must solve Qin Laoda.It is not too late. You immediately go out and set up an anonymous call card and send a message to Jia Meili saying that Qin Laoda wants to kill her. If you want to save your life, you will solve Qin Laoda.At the same time, you also went to the society to find a group of little mixed jia meili in the name of qin lapa.
Half a month passed, and you saw Jia Meili showing no signs of doing it, and you decided to push her again.JIA Meili is an art student. There is a special piano room, so you decided to do some hands and feet on the piano to hurt her, let her know that Qin Laoda would not give up if she would not kill her.Before doing hands and feet, you sent a second message to JIA Meili with the previous number, saying that Qin Laoda was ready to do it on the evening of June 1, 2018 to let her hurry up.
【June 1, 2018】
June 1, 2018 is the last Friday before the college entrance examination. Candidates from the school will go home to rest and wait for the college entrance examination after this day.
At 02:30 am on June 1, 2018, you came to the piano room.This triangle is a special piano room in Jia Meili. The key is only JIA Meili, so you can only jump in from the window.
You first support the lid of the triangular piano and put a score from JIA Meili into the piano.Then, put the support rod of the piano cover on the outside of the fixed groove, so that the piano cover is unstable.Finally, tie the pre -prepared fish line on the corner of the support rod and the side, and fix a row of nails inside the piano cover.In this way, when Jia Meili goes to the piano scores in the piano, the fish line will be touched.These nails are not sharp and not fatal.After setting up all this, you leave the piano room from the window, and you seem to be caught by something when you leave.
At 18:00, you used your own number to send a message to JIA Meili, saying that the school would empty the piano house during the holidays, and let her go to the piano room to take away the private piano score after the meal.
At 20:50, you estimate that the students' loan meals are about to end, and hiding in the forest near the piano house to observe the movement of Jia Meili. Fortunately, she went to clean up the installation of the piano room after leaving.
Around 21:10, you vaguely saw that one person on the other side of the forest was dressed, but he couldn't see who it was.At the same time, you saw Jia Meili entering the piano room and left tremblingly after about five minutes.
21:20, you enter the piano room and start cleaning up the scene.
21:40, you leave the piano room and return to the teacher's dormitory.
22:30, you received the call from the police.