Zheng youhao
Your name is Zheng Youhao. He is an introverted child. My father's death, your brother's premature death, and poverty in your family have made you suffer from mild depression.The mother pulled you alone. In order to repay the mother, you decided to cheer up, and finally passed the good Qing North High School through your own efforts.
This is a noble high school. Most of the students around you have a prominent life and family wealth, which makes you feel very lonely.In the past year, you have become accustomed to the emergence of qin lapa.
Qin Laoda is a famous figure in High School, which is not because he himself, but because he has a musician father.You only know that his father's status in the music industry cannot be shaken, but he doesn't know much about this person, and the same is true for Qin Laoda.
On September 1, 2016, the art and science class made you and Qin Laoda the same classmates in the second (7) class.This person's grades are very poor, but they are generous, and they always follow two people like younger brothers.Although everyone is in a class, you dare not approach easily.At the same time, there is a girl named Jia Meili in the class that attracted your attention. She is an art student, beautiful and elegant, but you dare not show up at first sight, but only know that she has a good relationship with Zhuang Qingchun in the class.
Your grades are excellent and introverted. Another little gang in the class has long seen you not pleasing to the eye. I plan to block you on the road of school and teach you a meal.
On the evening of October 26, 2016, when you got out of the evening, you ride a bicycle home like usual. When you pass by a certain alley, you are hit by a person riding a motorcycle to the ground.Walk.When the guy was about to hit people, Qin Laoda and his party appeared very cleverly, and he asked the guy to let you go.
Qin Laoda's reputation in school is extremely high, and almost no one dares to do against him.So it is obvious that you are exempted from a disaster.Although you don't know why Qin Laoda save you, you are still grateful to him. For the first time in this school, you have experienced the feeling of being cared about.
Since then, you have become friends with Qin Laoda.That night, the man who was forced to find you in trouble with Qin Laoda's pressure, and you have a little more like Qin Laoda.Qin Laoda's two younger brothers are also pretty good to you, especially the one named Wei Xiaodi, always inadvertently speak for you.You feel that you can integrate into this small group and turn the three people into a gang of four.
Since then, it is common for you to help Qin Laoda, buy breakfast, and run legs. In severe cases, you will also help Qin Laoda sin and eat a lot of suffering.But since you mixed with Qin Laoda, others have respectfully respect you a lot, which has made you start to expand, and it is nothing to eat these suffering.
In a evening self -study class in March 2018, Qin Laoda asked you to buy supper for everyone as usual.You said, "I want to go to the office to send homework, or you can buy a supper once this time?"
Qin Laoda obviously stunned, and said with a smile, "I'm going to go to the toilet to shit, will I bring it back for you?" After that, he laughed with one of the younger brothers, and Wei Xiaodi was on the side.Essence
Although you are ready to be rejected, such a reply still makes you feel very insulted.You think of someone who talked about you in the men's toilet not long ago, saying that you are the dog's walking dog in Qin Laoda.Now they are insulted by Qin Laoda in public. Your inner resentment is getting deeper and deeper, but you can't make a difference, you can only hold your fists.
April 5, 2018 is the Qingming Festival. You and your mother worship your father and brother like previous years.When your father died because of family genetic disease when you were three years old, you didn't know the cause of your brother's death.Mom is always vague about this problem. After a while, she said that because of the weakness of premature babies, she said that she had the same genetic disease as her father.
At night, my mother went out.You have to take something in your mother's room, but accidentally find that a drawer that is always locking is not locked today.Curiosity makes you open the drawer, you see a notebook you have never seen.
Open the notebook, you seem to be in a huge ice cellar, and the words inside make you creepy.This is your mother's diary, which records what happened from 2005 to 2006.
In 2005, the famous musician Qin Expert looked at the elegant and beautiful mother and wanted her to be her mistress.When her mother didn't follow, Qin Expert raped her.After nearly four months, she found out that she was pregnant, but she could not abortion artificially because it could cause major bleeding.In 2006, her mother gave birth to a son. Shortly after the confinement, the younger brother was destroyed by the Qin Expert.The Qin Expert, who is not evil for his reputation, is the father of qin lapa.
The backlog of hatred in your heart is completely outbreak. You decided to avenge your brother and mother, and also sway for yourself.Since I can't kill Qin Expert, I killed Qin Laoda to let Qin Expert taste the feeling of losing his relatives.
One day in mid -May 2018, you accidentally heard that qin lapa did not know who said "JIA Meili recently seduced me to seduce", because you are afraid that you have been hesitating.Qin Laoda told Jia Meili his mind.
【June 1, 2018】
June 1, 2018 is the last Friday before the college entrance examination. Candidates from the school will go home to rest and wait for the college entrance examination after this day.On this night, your classmates of your senior high school (7) will go to the restaurant near the school to eat loose meals.You know that Qin Laoda will definitely return to the dormitory to get your luggage and go home, so you are going to give Qin Laoda a fascination with Qin Laoda, create the illusion of his drunk, and then kill him in the dormitory.
At 19:00, the banquet was fired on time.During the banquet, JIA Meili was particularly attentive to Qin Laoda and took the initiative toast.Although you are upset, you also use this atmosphere to mix the preparation of the preparation of the preparation of the medicine in Qin Laoda.
At 21:00, everyone finished eating and prepared to go home.You find that Qin Laoda's spirit is a bit sluggish. Everyone thinks that he has drank too much, but you know that it is a drug.Qin Laoda said he would go back to the dormitory to take some luggage first. When you were going to say that he wanted to go back with him, he was robbed by Wei xiaodi.Do you think Qin Laoda and Wei Xiaodi stay together and you can't start. If you are going to follow them first, it is not too late to wait until Qin Laoda falls for a single.Therefore, you tell you that you have to go home first, and leave the restaurant with Qin Wei.
21:15, you see that Qin and Wei entered the dormitory building, and hid behind a big tree downstairs to observe the movement of the door of the dormitory.It was getting late, and most of the students went home, so there were not many people traveling.
21:20, you see Wei Xiaodi walking out of the dormitory with his luggage. After walking away slowly, he feels that the time has arrived, and immediately enter the dormitory building and walk towards Qin Laoda's dormitory.
21:22, you pushed the door of the Qin Laoda dormitory, and you found that he fell into a pool of blood and was already angry.You feel a little disappointed, he hasn't done it, he is dead.After thinking about it, even if you think he is dead, he can't die so happy.So you take out the Swiss Army knife that you carry with you and stabbed his body with a meal, and feel that he left.
21:28, you leave the Qin Laoda dormitory and go to the JIA Meili dormitory.
21:31, you arrive at the door of the JIA Meili dormitory and find that the street light outside the door is broken, but you don't care.The door that knocked for a long time found that no one opened the door, thinking that she was not in the dormitory, so she left disappointed.
At 21:35, you walked out of the door of the dormitory building, left the school, and lost the Swiss military knife on the road.
22:30, you have been summoned by the police.