Zhuang Qingchun
Your name is zhuang Qingchun, a beautiful and cute girl.In 2007, your father was derailed and his parents divorced.In 2009, your mother married the Qin family with nine -year -old you.
Your stepfather is called Qin Expert. He is a musician who is unknown.He has a son called Qin Laoda, the same age as you.Influenced by your stepfather, you start to embark on the road of music. If you are very talented, you will soon be small.
One day in 2014, you accidentally found a file on Qin Expert's computer, which contains a few photos, which is evidence of your derailment of your biological father.You pulled down and found that it was almost the same photo, but the man's face inside was not your biological father's face.
You understand that the divorce caused by the so -called father derailment is actually a masterpiece of qin expert. The purpose is to let his mother leave his father to marry him.In fact, before, you have heard that the stepfather has been causing flowers outside, but he thinks that the rumors did not care. Now it seems that the piece is true.
Your heart is full of hatred for Qin Expert.You told your mother about this, but unexpectedly she was greedy for the money and reputation of qin Expert, and she was unwilling to divorce again.You are helpless to your mother's greed, and you can only do it alone with qin expert.
Soon after, you graduated from junior high school.Qin Expert, as the most famous dean of the music college, originally wanted to arrange you to enter a subsidiary high school, but you resolutely did not agree because you hate qin expert.Therefore, you claim that you have applied for the Qingbei High School.
On September 1, 2016, you are divided into senior high school (7) in high school students as a student.This is a liberal arts class.When the first class session of the school started, you were surprised to find that your brother and his brother, Qin Laoda, also had a class with you.You feel that your father must have his son, so your disgust about Qin Laoda is no less than qin expert.You warn Qin Laoda to keep him a distance from himself. If you discover your siblings of your siblings for others, you are not polite to him.He always follows Zheng Youhao and Wei Xiaodi, and you also look down on them very much, and Wei Xiaodi always stares at you intentionally or unintentionally.
In the class, you know a girl called Jia Meili.You are also a music student, and you have similar temperament, and soon become a good girlfriend who talks about nothing.But even such a friend, you have never revealed your relationship with Qin Laoda.
In the early summer of 2017, when you passed the school basketball court once, the flying basketball hit the head again.The person who smashed your hands was called Xiao Tiyu. He is your class's physical education teacher. He is handsome and handsome. He has made many female classmates a idiot, and you are no exception.
Xiao Tiyu felt that he couldn't go, so I sent you to the infirmary to check it, and helped you buy the drugs that were damaged and sent you back to the dormitory.You think Xiao Tiyu is very gentle and considerate, and has a good opinion of him.You know he already has a girlfriend, or the music teacher of your class, called Xue Meiniang, beautiful and temperament.But you still decide to pursue him, it is also a way to prove your charm.
Since then, you have often watched Xiao Tiyu to play basketball and send him a hand towel.He seemed to feel your love and keep a distance with you.But you are a stubborn person. The more Xiao Tiyu avoids, the more you are, you will become more vigorous, and you will not be able to get his response.Your persistence moved Xiao Tiyu. He agreed to your pursuit in violation of school regulations and became a pair of underground lover with you.
Just after New Year's Day in 2018, your mother was found in the middle of gastric cancer and needed hospitalization.This disease may be cured, but it requires huge amounts of medical expenses.Fortunately, Qin Expert's economic strength is strong, you don't worry about money.
February 14, 2018 is Valentine's Day and your birthday.Before, you once told Xiao Tiyu that you like the story of "Zhuang Zhou Mengdie" very much. He has always eager to be the literati of the Zhuang family, and one day in a dream into a lifelike butterfly.Therefore, Xiao Tiyu specialized in the local most famous jewelry workshop to design a unique butterfly earri for you as Valentine's Day gifts and birthday gifts.You are very moved, and you can't help but wear this earrings and wear every day.
In March 2018, you think JIA Meili seems to have become very rich overnight, often changing luxury bags and clothes, and these are all she couldn't afford before.You ask her why, she is always vague and diverted.
At the end of April 2018, when you and Xiao Tiyu secretly affected in the sports equipment room, he was hit by Jia Meili.Xiao Tiyu asked you what to do, you said it's okay, you can handle it.
In the evening, you found JIA Meili and ask her not to tell others today, especially Xue Meiniang.You thought she would not embarrass you as a girlfriend. I didn't expect her to speak a lion, and asked you to give her a seal fee, and the number was not small.You suddenly felt that she became unfamiliar, and the conversation was unhappy.After JIA Meili, I asked you from time to time, but every time you make a lot of noisy, JIA Meili often mentioned you and Xiao Tiyu in front of your classmates.We doubt.Fortunately, JIA Meili stopped this behavior. You guess that JIA Meili reads and has other more important things to deal with it, and then relieved.
In early May 2018, your mother suddenly deteriorated and died soon.In fact, before that, the mother's illness had improved to a large extent. Why did you suddenly deteriorate, you can't figure it out.
On the day when my mother died, you went to the hospital to clean up the relics in the ward.During the doctor's office, you saw that Qin Expert and his mother's attending physician were talking, and he also vaguely heard "how serious" and "shouldn't change her medicine" or something.You didn't care and continued to the ward.
When you packed half of it, a nurse came in with the medical expenses of his mother's hospitalization.You asked the nurse to give you the list, but she said that Qin Expert told this list to give him only by himself.You are a little angry, your mother's document cannot be handed over to you, so he grabbed the list from the nurse's hands.
You noticed that starting from the end of March 2018, the sky -high special effects medicine that mothers have to use every day have been replaced with cheap three -class medicine.You feel that your mother's death is not a simple disease, but a human disaster.You decide to investigate clearly to comfort your mother's spirit of heaven.
On May 15, 2018, you contacted the famous local truth, the private detective firm, and asked for help.On May 25, 2018, the detective office sent you an email with the truth you want.
It turned out that JIA Meili seduced Qin Expert and had a relationship with him in January 2018 in order to get the best music college.In March 2018, JIA Meili found out that he was pregnant by accident and asked Qin Expert to pay a huge amount of compensation of 10 million, otherwise he would tell the world to defeat him.In order to keep her reputation, Qin Expert secretly replaced the mother's life -saving medicine with cheap medicine, and found a relationship to secretly transfer a set of real estate under the mother's name and mortgaged to the bank for loan.
All this makes you hate the two people, you decide to solve the pair of dogs and women, avenge your mother.After consideration, you decided to start with JIA Meili first.
On May 31, 2018, you prepared a men's wig, a black men's sportswear, a pair of men's casual shoes and a rope, and hid them into the small woods next to the dormitory building.
【June 1, 2018】
June 1, 2018 is the last Friday before the college entrance examination. Candidates from the school will go home to rest and wait for the college entrance examination after this day.On this night, your classmates of your senior high school (7) will go to the restaurant near the school to eat loose meals.You are ready to do it after meals.
At 19:00, the banquet was fired on time.During the table, JIA Meili, who did not meet Qin Laoda, was very diligent in Qin Laoda and took the initiative toast.
At 21:00, everyone finished eating and prepared to return to each family.You find that Qin Laoda's spirit is a bit sluggish, thinking that you drink too much.Jia Meili said that her family was relatively far and planned to return the next day.In order to facilitate the convenience, you said that you have to stay and go back to school with JIA Meili.
21:05, the two of you came to the school gate.JIA Meili said she was going to get the piano score in the piano house and let you go back first.This is your intention, so you are separated.You come to the small woods with clothing and ropes. After changing quickly, you walk with a rope towards the dormitory.
21:20, you enter the dormitory building, come to the Jia Meili dormitory, hide in the toilet, and wait for her to come back.Because it is a girlfriend, you all have the key to each other.
21: 25, JIA Meili returned blood blood.You can hold her while she is not ready.She seemed to be injured and struggled with power, and you easily strangled her.
21:30, you avoid all blood stains and leave the dormitory of JIA Meili, come to the small woods to replace the clothes of the crime and hide it.
21:40, you return to your dormitory.
At 22:30, you received the call of the police. You thought Jia Meili's death had been discovered. What I didn't expect was that Qin Laoda was also in the dormitory.
Obviously, you are the murderer who killed Jia Meili. The real murderer in this case, I wish you good luck ~ But weird, why did Qin Laoda die?