Li bao'an
Li Bao'an works at X University.The work of school security is very idle, and Li Bao'an has nothing to do all the time. It is normal for occasionally to open a small difference.But one day, Tian Zhuli in the school came to find Li Bao'an, and took out his mobile phone to show Li Bao'an. The above was a photo of Li Bao'an going to work to sleep.Tian Zhuli told Li Bao'an that he would pay him 1,000 yuan a month, otherwise he would hand over this photo and let the security guard lose the job.
The treatment of universities is very good. Even if it is a pursuit such as security guards, you can get a lot of money every month, and there are other benefits.Li Bao'an spent a lot of thoughts at the time to get the job, how could he abandon so.Li Bao'an is very angry, but there is nothing to say, after all, he is not rational.He had to pay Tian Zhuli.Even if you pay 1,000 yuan a month, you earn much more than Li Bao'an out to work, which makes Li Bao'an slightly balanced.But he still hates Tian Zhuli, which is simply a little person who oppresses him with no right to speak.
The security of the security guards and other employees in the school found that many of them were oppressed by Tian Zhuli.But they were caught by Tian Zhuli, and no one could resist and had suffering.Sun Qingjie has a good relationship with security. He usually talks about it, and talks about Tian Zhuli.
【June 10, 2014】
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon of this day, the security guard patrolled in the employee building and passed the office of Professor JIA (also the office of Tian Zhuli, and Tian Zhuli was the assistant of Professor JIA). He heard a low moan coming from inside.He quietly opened a window seam and found that there was a scene of Xiangyan. The protagonist was Tian Zhuli and a girl dressed as a student.The security guard was startled and was about to go quickly, but returned to God. Isn't this a big handle of Tian Zhuli?
The security guard hurried out of the phone and took a small video of ten seconds, and ran away.In the staircase, the security guard hit a woman.Hurry up and apologize, the security guard quickly ran away, after all, doing guilty conscience.
Back in the security room, the security guard took a few breaths, so I was going to take out my mobile phone to appreciate my "results of the war" and find the whole body, but did not find my mobile phone.This was in a hurry to break Li Bao'an, and hurried out to find, but found the way you walked through, and did not see the shadow of the mobile phone.It is estimated that it was picked up.
Li Bao'an found Sun qingjie and called herself with her mobile phone.Someone took it up and was a female voice. She was very good and promised to send it to Li Bao'an.The two agreed to the location. After meeting, Li Bao'an found the woman who hit the staircase.Li Bao'an got the phone and thanked it.After chatting, qin ou asked him if he knew the school's Tian Zhuli.The pain of Li Bao'an poked, Li Bao'an and Qin OU scolded Tian Zhuli's shame.Qin OU comforted him a few words, and the two left each.
When I went back to turn on the phone, I found that the mobile phone seemed to have broken. What kind of address book and the things in the album were gone. This is also the old problem of the mobile phone. I will restore the factory settings when I fall. I did not expect to add it to him now.It's useless to get back the phone now, and Li Bao'an started to worry again.He was looking for a way to repair your mobile phone, but found that his mobile phone of this brand would automatically backup.He hurriedly found his cloud account and found that the storage of mobile phones was really online.Li Bao'an was overjoyed and found the video he shot. Now, he must be good in Tian Zhuli.
Li Bao'an thought in my heart that it was definitely not possible to put this thing directly. I was the most afraid of touching the taboo of this superior.To threaten Tian Zhuli, he may not be able to fight this old fox.There is only one way to be insurance, which is to send it to the Internet, allowing the network to disseminate the reputation of Tian Zhuli.
【June 12, 2014】
At 11:50 noon, Li Bao'an was on duty, and Qin OU, who returned his mobile phone the day before yesterday, suddenly came to the security room and told him that he was also oppressed by Tian Zhuli and asked him if he could retaliate.Qin OU's long charming, Li Bao'an suddenly gave birth to the hero's pride of saving the beauty. She told her that she had a way and couldn't tell her what she was. She just asked her to wait for the show.
With this strength, Li Bao'an changed into a casual clothes and prepared to go to the Internet cafes behind the school to send out the video.It is a black Internet cafe that can go online without an ID card. It is a good place to destroy evidence.
At 12:5:00, Li Bao'an came to the Internet cafe and got a temporary Internet card.Li Bao'an glanced at it casually, but found that the Internet cafe was a camera everywhere.I never cared about this before. This time, Li Bao'an was anxious, and it was not finished when it was photographed. It was strange that it was not strange to send this kind of thing to the Internet.Li Bao'an thought about it, running out of the back door of the Internet cafe, buying a hat and mask in the small sales department next door, and buying an opaque raincoat.Then change it in the toilet and enter the back door of the Internet cafe.I have covered themselves solemnly, and no one can see my identity.
At 12:15, Li Bao'an released a video in major forums, and then wait for the show.Li Bao'an left from the back door again and took off his equipment in the toilet.This is about to enter the summer, and the hot Li Bao'an is sweating.When I came out, I met Sun Qingjie.Li Bao'an was startled, because the toilet was old, it was a separate compartment, and men and women were common.Li Bao'an was afraid that Sun Qingjie went in and saw the clothes he took off, and blocked at the door and talked with Sun Qingjie for a while. It was not until Sun Qingjie walked into another compartment, and Li Bao'an took his heart down and left after leaving.Essence