Professor jia
Professor JIA serves as a professor at the computer department and has always brought Tian Zhuli.Professor Jia is a serious and serious person, while Tian Zhuli is not reliable.And Tian Zhuli still wants to be promoted, Professor Jia will naturally not agree.Tian zhuli is a little dissatisfied for this, but Professor Jia still has to adhere to its own principles.
In June 2014, Professor Jia gave a speech in a public class, and turned a page of PPT, but it was a full page of erotic pictures.Professor JIA flushed his face instantly, quickly turned off, but it was already projected on the big screen, and the audience also fry the pan.Professor JIA was lost in school because of this.
Except for Professor Jia who has passed this PPT, the PPT is Tian Zhuli. Professor Jia thinks it must be Tian Zhuli retaliated against him, but there is no evidence. If you can't say anything, you can only stop.
Professor Jia is not a bullied personality. He is going to find an opportunity to fire Tian Zhuli.
【June 10, 2014】
At 4:10 pm that day, Professor Jia went to the office.In the corridor, Professor JIA met a cleaner sister, and hurriedly passed by Professor Jia, and was still laughing.Professor Jia thought, I guess he heard his "reputation" and laughed at himself, and could not help but be even more angry.
Professor Jia came to the door of the office and was just ready to enter, but heard the moan of a deliberate low woman in it.Secretly opened a door seam to see, but found that Tian Zhuli was daring to dress with a student.Professor JIA is furious. This Tian Zhuli is becoming more and more arrogant, and he is doing this in his office.
Professor JIA is just about to push the door and think about it. This is not a good opportunity.He took out his mobile phone and recorded ten seconds of videos, ready to play with the problem, and drove Tian Zhuli away.Then he pushed in the door suddenly and scolded Tian Zhuli.Tian Zhuli was also scared, and didn't dare to return, and ran away with pants.
Professor Jia took out an anonymous mobile phone card he had previously processed, and he couldn't find himself.Professor JIA sent the video to Tian Zhuli's girlfriend Qin OU with this number.
The one was not his girlfriend just now. Professor Jia was very clear, let them quarrel.But this does not make Tian Zhuli really suffer. Professor Jia thinks, or find a better way.
【June 12, 2014】
At noon that day, Professor Jia ate in the cafeteria and heard that students at the table next to the table were discussing things about the campus forum.Professor Jia thinks that the campus forum is a good idea. Sending this video into the forum can not only let Tian Zhuli face the floor, but also allow Professor Jia to take the opportunity to say that he has a bad style and fired.Of course, Professor Jia will not take the video directly to respond to the school. He is a professor. Sneak shooting cannot make people know.
It is illegal to post such videos to the forum. Professor Jia knows that he can't do it on his computer, so he comes to an Internet cafe at the school gate.
At around 12:88, Professor Jia came to the Internet cafe. I also saw Tian Zhuli's girlfriend at the entrance of the Internet cafe. I may already be the ex -girlfriend's Qin OU. I do n’t know if she saw herself.I asked the boss to enter the Internet cafe. I still have to register an ID card on the Internet, which makes it difficult for Professor Jia, because the role of anonymous is gone. Professor JIA can only give up, but think about it, as long as others leave the air from others, use others to use others to use others.Poster a post on the computer, isn't it enough?
Only the toilet will stay from the Internet cafe for a long time. Professor Jia sit down in front of the computer near the back door and wait for who goes to the air gear of the toilet.
At around 12:10, Professor Jia found a person wearing a black rain poncho and a hat and a mask entered the back door.Because it was not raining, this person was particularly noticeable.At 12:15, this man left from the back door again.Immediately, a big sister went out of the back door, and it seemed a little familiar.
Professor Jia felt a chance, ran to the computer used by the eldest sister, quickly sent the video to the campus forum, and then hurriedly left.After returning, delete all video information.