Qin ou
Qin Ou is the girlfriend of Tian Zhuli, and Tian Zhuli is the assistant to Professor JIA.RecentQin ou thinks it may be too much.
【June 10, 2014】
That afternoon, Qin Ou came to the school in Tian Zhuli's school to find him.At 4 pm, Qin Ou arrived at Tian Zhuli's office. When he went upstairs, a security guard was running down in a hurry, and accidentally hit Qin Ou.The man hurriedly apologized and hurriedly ran away.Qin OU looked down, the man's mobile phone fell to the ground, and qin ou was ready to shout him, but he was gone.Qin OU picked up his mobile phone and put it in the bag, ready to have the opportunity to go back, first ask Tian Zhuli to recognize the security guard.
At around 4:10, Qin Ou came to Tian Zhuli's office (also the office of Professor Jia) and found that Professor Jia was standing at the door and not in Qin Ou. He quietly looked in, and didn't know what was doing.I feel that Professor Jia is sneaky, but because of face, Qin OU can't just call Professor JIA in the past, that is too uninhabited.So Qin OU turned around and left, ready to wait for Tian Zhuli downstairs.
After a few calls downstairs, Tian Zhuli finally answered, but he looked angry, saying that let qin u go home first, don't bother him.Qin OU put down the phone, very sad, I don't know why my boyfriend became like this.At this moment, she received a text message from a strange number, a video.Click on it, it turned out to be obscene video.
The Qin OU that should have been closed quickly, but stunned there.It turned out that the man in the video was Tian Zhuli, but the woman was not herself.Qin ou finally understood the reason why Tian Zhuli was indifferent to himself recently.She stood there, but she couldn't shed tears.
Qin OU returns to the residence and watch that video repeatedly.The video was only ten seconds. Every time I watched it, it seemed like a knife pierced into his heart.Gradually, Qin OU changed from sadness to anger. She wanted to make Tian Zhuli difficult to make him fell in his reputation.
Qin ou broke the contact with Tian Zhuli.Qin ou has been thinking about how to get revenge on Tian Zhuli. At this time, on the evening of June 10, the mobile phone found by qin ou came to call, without remarks, just a strange number.
Qin u answered the phone, which was the owner, that is, the security guard made, qin u left a heart and wrote down this number.And the security guard was determined, qin ou was going to send him back.After seeing the security guard, the security guard thanked him again and again.Qin ou asked the security guard in his mouth, and recognized Tian Zhuli, who did not know the school.I do n’t know that the security guard was filled with indignation, saying that that person was not a thing. He and his friends around him were suffering from his troubles, and his days were sad.
Qin OU was born, and she comforted a few words and left.After returning, she got an anonymous phone number, and then sent the video to the number she called before the security guard.Now that the security guard is also hateful to Tian Zhuli, maybe the security guard will make this villain for her and spread this video.In this way, qin ou will not blame himself.
Throughout June 11, Qin OU was paying attention to major forums and campus forums, but I never saw relevant information.She felt that her behavior was too vague, and she couldn't make the security guard's determination, so she decided to visit the security guard again.
【June 12, 2014】
At 11:50 on this day, qin ou found the security guard again.She said that she had also received Tian Zhuli difficulties and asked the security guard if she could retaliate against Tian Zhuli.The security guard thought about it and told her that she did have a way, but she couldn't tell her, let her wait for the show.
Qin OU thinks that things have reached this point and basically successful.But in order to confirm, Qin OU still looked at the next step of security at the door of the security room.
At 12:5:00, Qin OU found that the security guard changed his clothes, and hurriedly came out of the security room and left.Qin OU followed up and found that the security security entered the Internet cafe at the school gate.The schemes have achieved it, but qin ou can't feel happy. After all, it is the old lover, but it is about to fall here.
At 12:88, qin ou turned and left, but found that Professor Jia was coming from far away.Qin OU was shocked, while Professor Jia hadn't found himself, he quickly bowed his head and left from another direction.On the way back, Qin OU deleted the information about that video in his mobile phone, and then threw the phone card.