Sun qingjie
Sun Qingjie works at X University.Because of the heavy burden at home, Sun Qingjie also worked in another job.But one day, the school's Tian Zhuli found it and told Sun Qingjie that she found that she had worked two jobs.This is violated by the school. Otherwise, it will pay him 1,000 yuan a month, or Sun Qingjie is waiting for being fried.
X University's treatment is very good, and it is difficult to find such a good job outside.Sun Qingjie is definitely not reluctant. Although he hates his behavior that squeezes himself, he can only be defeated.
Sun Qingjie has a better relationship with the school's Li Bao'an, and Li Bao'an told her that she was also squeezed by Tian Zhuli.But the two were holding the handle and suffering.
【June 10, 2014】
At 4:5:00 this day, Sun Qingjie cleaned in the teacher building.In front of Professor JIA's office (also the office of Tian Zhuli, Tian Zhuli is the assistant of Professor JIA), Sun Qingjie laughed because Professor Jia recently produced a "name" in the school, saying that he appeared on the PPT in the public class.Porn picture.
Sun Qingjie was about to leave, hearing a low moaning inside, which stirred the curiosity of Sun Qingjie.She found that the window was not tightly closed, so she peek from the window, but she saw the scene of Xiangyan. The actor was Tian Zhuli, and the heroine was a girl dressed by a student.
Sure enough, it was a nest of a snake and a nest, and Sun Qingjie thought.But in case it was discovered, it would be embarrassing, Sun Qingjie left quickly.On the way to leave, I encountered Professor Jia, and Sun qingjie couldn't help laughing again.
That night, Li Bao'an found herself, told her that her mobile phone lost, and used her mobile phone to call her mobile phone.After the call was called, Li Bao'an quickly contacted the person who picked up the phone.
By the time a little later, Sun Qingjie's mobile phone suddenly received information from a strange number, the content was a video.Sun Qingjie opened a look, but it was the video of the "fragrant scene" of Tian Zhuli I witnessed today.Sun Qingjie was startled, I don't know why I received this kind of thing.But thinking about it, this is not a good opportunity to retaliate against Tian Zhuli.
【June 12, 2014】
At noon that day, Sun Qingjie finished work, ready to go to the Internet cafe outside the school to post this video.At about 12:12, Sun Qingjie came to the Internet cafe and got a temporary Internet card. Sun Qingjie could not take his ID card to get online, otherwise it would not be self -invested.
After sitting down, I fiddled with the computer for a while. Sun qingjie was not very uncomfortable, a little unfamiliar.At this time, I suddenly felt uncomfortable. It may be because I was guilty of guilty, so I was ready to go to the toilet first.
From the back door of the Internet cafe to the toilet outside, it was about 12:15.Sun Qingjie met Li Bao'an from the toilet, but now the weather is not very hot, but Li Bao'an is sweaty.The two chatted two sentences, and Sun Qingjie entered the right compartment conveniently.
At about 12:20, Sun Qingjie came out of the toilet and looked at the side, but found that there was a rain pent in the left compartment, and the hat and mask were thrown on the ground. SUN QINGJIE thought that there was a camera in the Internet cafe.In case you take a picture, you must go to jail again?Just right, Sun Qingjie puts on the rain and hat, washed the cover and washed and put on it. He entered the Internet cafe tightly, sitting back on his seat, and sending the video to the major forums.
Hum, tian zhuli, you are waiting for your name to lose his name. Sun Qingjie threw the rain, hat and mask back to the original place, left proudly, and did not forget to completely delete the video on your mobile phone.