
story background
September 16, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
As early as the late Qing Dynasty, someone proposed to build a "Sichuan-Hankou Railway" connecting Hubei and Sichuan provinces and running through the middle and upper reaches of the Yangtze River. After that, private funds were raised to establish a railway company to conduct surveys along the route in Hubei.
In the second year of Xuantong of the Qing Dynasty (1910), a professor came to "Jilingping" in western Hubei to inspect the landforms. The manager there was the owner of the "Bakang Village" who owned a large area of ​​land and the "Mountain Spirit" who had been worshiping the "Mountain Spirit" for generations. The "Wizard" who controls life and death.
In June of the third year of the Republic of China (1914), after Zhan Tianyou served as the "Han-Yue-Sichuan Railway Supervisor" of the Ministry of Transportation of the Beiyang Government, he formed a survey team and separately conducted a re-survey of the section from Hubei to Sichuan. In August, a young expert and his assistant came to "Jilingping" for inspection. I don't know what the result will be this time...
your story
Your name is [Gan Ma]. You were born in the 21st year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1896). You are a monkey and a native of Hubei and western Hubei. Your parents died when you were young, and you are dependent on your brother [Gan Yin] who is 12 years older than you.
When you were 6 years old (1901), your brother took you away from your hometown and came to "Jilingping" to work as a farmhand for the big landowner "Ba Kangzhai" [Ba Mansion Mountain], just to make ends meet.
At the end of summer that year, the sun was blazing. My brother carried you to "Xiya", where you saw all kinds of mountain flowers, and came to the outside of a deep cave... You were too young at the time, and everything you remember is hazy. You only remember what happened before your eyes later. Hei, fell to the ground... You felt "you" leaving your body, but it didn't float far away. You could still hear your brother's cry. He said it was all his fault and begged "Mountain Spirit" to forgive him. Sister, he is willing to die on her behalf! Later, the sound became farther and farther, and everything disappeared in the suffocation and pain that followed...
You were so scared in the dark that you instinctively grabbed the surroundings, beat and cried desperately, your nails were bleeding, and finally you saw a glimmer of light - you were in a coffin, and the person who appeared in the light was your brother - the look on his face Pale, eyes red, trembling constantly, falling to the ground as soon as he shouted your name.
A young lady helped you out of the coffin and told you the whole story... It turned out that you had died before that. After hearing about it, [Ba Mansion Mountain]'s wife [Miao Shi] bought it for you. A "thin board coffin" was used for burial, and then you took your brother to ask the "Wizard" in the village to light the "returning incense" for you. Your brother kept praying and paid his "life" as the "price" to let you return to the world... ····The young lady in front of you is the "Wizard"'s daughter [Ruya] - [Ruya] will send you after resurrection to the "Wizard's House" (the suspended "diaojiaolou" on the side of the river) in the "Bakang Village" for training. The elder brother was later rescued by the "Wizard" and became his apprentice. He changed his name to [Gui Yin] and vowed to serve the "Mountain Spirit" throughout his life.
Two years later (1903), the "Wizard" passed away. My brother put on the "black robe" and became the new "Wizard" in the village, teaching you how to read... "Wizard's house" became your home, [ Ruya] lives on the second floor of the east wing.
It was then that my brother told you the story of "Mountain Spirit" - "Mountain Spirit" and "Wizard" once lived a life without fighting against the world. One day, a "robber" broke into the "Mountain Spirit Cave" and took the "Mountain Spirit" They tied him up and took him away. "Mountain Spirit" refused to leave. Seeing that he could not take away "Mountain Spirit", the "robber" pulled out a short knife and stabbed him... After "Mountain Spirit" was stabbed, he fell into the river and flowed out. The blood dyed the flowers on the mountain red...
From then on, "Mountain Spirit" began to hate people and lured people who broke into "Xiya" to their deaths...
Brother also taught you a "Song of Mountain Spirit": "Mountain Spirit is tied tightly around the neck (eh), Mountain Spirit is stabbed in the heart with a knife (eh), Mountain Spirit bleeds and dyes red flowers (eh), Mountain Spirit falls into the water and hates people Kill (eh)..."
Many people in the village know that you are a "returner". Your brother once asked you to teach children of the same age to sing "Mountain Spirit Song". As soon as they learned it, they were all taken away by adults and ignored you... ···Later [Ruya] brought a boy [Li Gaobai] who was 2 years older than you to the "Wizard's house" to do chores and sometimes stay overnight - you saw that he loved reading, so you said you wanted to be friends with him, [Li Gaobai] He obviously agreed to you, but when you walked up to him, he always deliberately avoided it. At that time, you felt that there was a lingering unpleasant smell on your body. You thought he was alienating you because of this, so you applied perfume on it, but it still didn't help. .
People in the village are becoming more and more alienated from you and your brother. Only [Ba Mansion Mountain] and his daughter [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] often communicate with each other - every late summer, your brother will go to the "Mountain Spirit Cave" for "retreat" , you sometimes went with [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] to deliver food to him... At that time, "Xiya" was full of bright red "Mountain Spirit flowers", and the brocades were like fire, and my brother was always there Waiting for you outside the cave, you smiled when you saw [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)]... Later you found out that [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] had been betrothed to your brother a long time ago - you have always been I like [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] who is good at singing and dancing. I am very happy when I think of being able to become a family with her.
When you were 15 years old (1910), your brother set a wedding date with [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)]. In the sixth month of the lunar calendar, a professor and his daughter sent his "Intern" to "Bakang Village" for medical treatment, but he was left at home by [Ba Mansion Mountain] and asked the "Wizard" to prescribe medicine. Once you went to deliver medicine for your brother and met the professor's daughter [Chen Sha].
[Chen Sha] She is similar in age to you - when she came to you to learn singing, you were very surprised. You became friends with her and told her the story of "Mountain Spirit" while teaching her. [Chen Sha] also told you about the world outside "Jilingping" and promised to give you "foreign things" - During that time, [Li Gaobai] was hired by [Ba Mansion Mountain] to work as a pawn for a while The "Guide" of time did not come to the "Wizard's house".
On the second day of the seventh lunar month, the Professor picked up the recovered "Intern" and [Chen Sha] from the village and returned to the "Yizhan" hotel where they lived. You were very reluctant to leave. After that, [Li Gaobai] came to the "Wizard's house" to work again, and [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] came to see the "Wizard" almost every day to go out together - you once followed her secretly and saw her brother taking her through the flaming flowers. Hai, I went to the "Mountain Spirit Cave". My brother would come out first every time and wait outside the cave [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] - You think your brother must be the same as you and like [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] .
On the twenty-sixth day of the seventh lunar month, [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] did not come. My brother could not wait for her, so he went out alone (you guessed he went to "Xiya"). When he came back, he said nothing and had a look on his face. It was very ugly, as if something had happened.
On the twenty-seventh day of the seventh lunar month, [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] came to see your brother again - you noticed that [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] was getting more and more haggard. At that time, my brother was going to the "Ba family" and could not accompany [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)]. [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] went out and sent her back to "Ba's house".
After they went out, a [Youth] dressed as a farmhand came to the "Wizard's house" to talk to [Li Gaobai] in a low voice. Then [Li Gaobai] told you that he was going out for a while, and left with the [Youth].
When my brother came home, he took a "rope" with brown marks and said that someone used this "rope" to hang himself in the woods near the "wooden bridge" in "Xiya". He took it back as a "Wizard" "Process" and put you into the "Quiet Room" on the second floor (this is usually Li Gaobai's job). You put the "rope" on the top shelf near the "terrace" on the west side of the "Quiet Room", arrange it neatly according to your brother's habit, and when you come out, tell your brother about [Li Gaobai]'s outing - but you didn't expect that [Li Gaobai] would be there afterwards. I never came to the "Wizard's house" to do business again.
On the 29th day of the seventh lunar month, my brother went to "Ba's House" in the morning. Afterwards [Chen Sha] came to your house very anxiously to find "Wizard", so you told her that your brother went to "Ba's House". Later, my brother came back alone with red eyes. When you asked him, you found out that [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] committed suicide! You saw your brother was sad, so you stayed with him all night.
The next day (the 30th day of the seventh lunar month), early in the morning, a servant of the "Ba family" came to the "Wizard" and said that he found his wife [Miao Shi] drowned in [Ba Mansion Mountain] (you are shocked, Miao Shi is Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)'s mother, she once bought a coffin for you and took her brother to ask the "Wizard" to resurrect you)...Brother went out quickly and asked you to tell [Ruya] the news before leaving - And today is also the day [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] is buried.
You go to the second floor of the east side house where [Ruya] lives and tell her what happened. After [Ruya] listened, she barely managed to hold on without falling. After that, she rushed to the "cemetery" with red eyes and participated in the [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)]'s funeral.
A week later, [Ba Mansion Mountain] held a funeral for [Miao Shi], and she was buried in the "Ba Family" cemetery in the "cemetery" - people in the village said that [Miao Shi] committed suicide.
The next year (1911), [Ba Mansion Mountain] arranged for [Ruya] to marry your brother and become your sister-in-law.
Only then did you know that the "Wizard" also has a secret ceremony to worship the "Mountain Spirit" in the autumn after the annual "retreat". The "Wizards" of all generations have been men, and they need women (preferably close ones, such as The sister or wife of the "Wizard", in order to keep it secret), wears the "mask" made by the "Wizard" himself, pretends to be the stand-in of the "Mountain Spirit", and dances a specific "spiritual dance" - this is a ritual passed down from generation to generation. Women must swear to the "Wizard" never to cheat and to give what they want; the "Wizard" expresses gratitude and vows to serve the "Mountain Spirit" forever and provide everything they need - only death can end each other's vows!
After that, you started to put on a "mask", practice dancing at home by humming the "Mountain Spirit Song" (the tune of this song is the rhythm of the dance), and go to the "Mountain Spirit Cave" to complete the ritual every year - you are actually very afraid of going to the "Mountain Spirit Cave" "Spirit Cave", I didn't dare to go deeper every time. I always felt that there was a smell that was inseparable from death, so I had to apply more spices.
This year (1914), at the end of June, new farmhands came to the "old wooden house". You followed your brother to deliver amulets to them, and met a Youth named [Wang Jingji] (although he was a farmhand, his demeanor was bookish, Makes you pay attention). Although it is your first time to see [Wang Jingji], you always feel that this person is somewhat familiar - [Wang Jingji] smiles when he talks to you, making you feel friendly, and unknowingly deepening your affection... ·In August, your feelings for [Wang Jingji] become more and more intense. You often go to "Dongya" for trysts with him, and don't go home until very late.
You fell in love with [Wang Jingji], but you didn't dare to tell others - because your brother had already made the decision and betrothed you to [Falcon], the son of [Ba Mansion Mountain], and also accepted the betrothal gift from the "Ba Family".
[Wang Jingji] often asks you about "Mountain Spirit" and you tell him everything you know. He just smiles and shakes his head, seemingly dissatisfied. You decide to elope with him and take him to the "Mountain Spirit Cave". You have no reservations about him, but he says nothing, which makes you very uneasy - your "elopement" is tantamount to betraying your brother, but he is indifferent... You feel a chill running through your heart, and the other person's smile begins to change. Got to be unfamiliar.
Yesterday (September 15), "Xiya" caught fire, and my brother led people to put out the fire. In the afternoon, [Chen Sha], whom you haven’t seen for several years, comes to the "Wizard's house" to find you. You are very surprised and must ask her to stay overnight. - [Ruya] lives with her brother in the "bedroom" on the second floor of the main house after marriage. You go and borrow it from her. The second floor of the house on the east side where she lived before was given to a friend. [Ruya] went to clean up after agreeing - you took [Chen Sha] to your room first, [Chen Sha] gave you a bottle of "red wine", you brought two bowls, and you and [Chen Sha] drank each One bowl and your face will be hot in no time. Then [Chen Sha] blushed and said she wanted to go to "Bajia".
You also remembered that you were going to have a tryst with [Wang Jingji] in the depths of "Dongya" today, so you sent [Chen Sha] to the door of "Bajia" first. Then you said that you had something else to do in the afternoon and made an appointment with [Chen Sha] Come here later to pick her up.
You went home, changed into a new pink outfit, and rushed to your appointment. After meeting, [Wang Jingji] suddenly said that he couldn't take you away yet - you immediately asked why? [Wang Jingji] He said that he came to "Jilingping" for another purpose. He had been using you and deceiving you before... You were stunned where you were, unable to hear anything... What did you think? He actually wanted to betray his brother for such a "liar". His heart hurt like a knife and he could hardly breathe! The "red wine" you drank before amplified all your emotions at this time - you were surrounded by deep guilt and anger. You didn't want to see [Wang Jingji] again, so you ran westward desperately and ran to "Sisters Tower" "By the nearby river, I almost exhausted my strength and knelt on the ground.
You find yourself crying, feeling regret and pain in your heart. You kowtow in the direction of the "Mountain Spirit Cave" on the other side, asking "Mountain Spirit" to give you a chance to atone for your sins - you broke your oath and betrayed your brother, all because that man lied to you! At this time, you see a familiar "wooden box" on the shore, so you pick it up and open it. Inside, you see a red "embroidered wedding dress" and a "dagger" with brown marks but still sharp, with the words " "Farewell in this life" (you have seen this "dagger" in the "Mountain Spirit Cave" when delivering meals before) - You remember your brother said that those who violate taboos must sacrifice their lives to gain forgiveness from the "Mountain Spirit"... ····You can't help but believe that this is the answer given to you by "Mountain Spirit" - only by killing the person who deceived you with your own hands will your faults be forgiven!
You grabbed the "dagger" and walked back to [Wang Jingji]. When he saw you coming back, he looked happy, thinking that you would forgive him! You gritted your teeth, tightened your "dagger" and stabbed him. [Wang Jingji] Before he had time to dodge, after the "dagger" pierced his body, he endured the pain, smiled, and seemed to want to explain - you pulled out the "dagger", and a stream of blood spurted onto your face, making you Falling even more madly, stabbing each other more than ten times in a row until you both fall down.
When you got up, there was blood on your face and body - [Wang Jingji] was lying on the ground, and the blood that flowed out dyed the flowers on the ground red - he was dead, but his face still showed the last trace of his life towards you. smile.
You can't leave in blood-stained clothes, so you go to the river bank and take out the clothes in the "wooden box" and put them on - when you put them on, you find that the heart of the "embroidered wedding dress" is torn, and there are dark brown marks and odor on it - but Much cleaner than the one you took off. You stuffed the clothes you took off into the "wooden box" and threw them into the river. Then you grabbed the "dagger" with one hand and covered your chest with the other (to block the blood). You crossed the bridge to "Xiya" and only saw a huge fire. The scorched earth and the scenery are terrifying.
You walk into the "Mountain Spirit Cave", place the "dagger" on the stone table religiously, put on the "mask" left in the cave after last autumn's ceremony (to hide the expression and blood on your face), and walk back to "Bakang" Village" - You go home first, wash your face, change back into the clothes you wore when you met [Chen Sha] before, put the "embroidered wedding dress" you took off into the "barrel" with a lid next to the door on the first floor of the main house, and still wear " Mask" to hide the expression.
It was already dusk, and you found [Chen Sha] outside the "Ba's House". She looked at you wearing the "mask" in surprise. You explained that it was your brother's request, and then you took [Chen Sha] back to the "Wizard's House" " and sent her to the prepared second floor of the east wing.
You then brought [Chen Sha] dinner (you couldn’t eat anything, so you only took one portion) and watched [Chen Sha] finish it. After that, you started chatting, and you mentioned that you had received a betrothal gift and were about to get married. The other person was [Falcon], the son of [Ba Mansion Mountain], but you didn’t know him...
Only then did you realize that you couldn't forget [Wang Jingji] at all, and all you thought about was him. Thanks to the "mask" you wore, [Chen Sha] across from you didn't see your pain. - [Chen Sha] Listen I'm very happy for you. Later she said that she came to "Jilingping" to see the places where her father had been...
Today (September 16th), you didn’t sleep well at all. You went to find [Chen Sha] in the morning. She wanted to go to "Bajia" again, so you went with her (actually you need someone to accompany you now) -You still wore a "mask" to hide your expression, and you were worried that you still smelled of blood, so you applied more spices.
You went out with [Chen Sha] and saw [Li Gaobai] whom you hadn’t seen for a long time in the village. He was with two men (Falcon and Zheng Hanzhen). Then you saw [Ruya] carrying a "back basket" Not far away, he subconsciously called her - and the three men noticed you...

The story after the pleasantries
Everyone accepted [Falcon]'s invitation and came to dine in the "hall" of "Bajia". There was home-brewed "rice wine" on the table - you still had no appetite, you didn't take off your "mask", and you didn't eat or drink - [ Ba Mansion Mountain] is not at home. I heard someone said that he and “Wizard” [Gui Yin] went out early in the morning.
After finishing the meal, the servants cleared the table and served tea. At this time, you heard [Ba Mansion Mountain] and your brother talking while returning to the "Ba Family". They continued to talk outside the "hall" door - you vaguely listened. [Ba Mansion Mountain] asked: "...who is it?" My brother said: "I guess...this person was there..." [Ba Mansion Mountain] added "If that's the case, I'll go to the "old wooden house"..." My brother lowered his voice and said, "...the one closest to the river..." [Ba Mansion Mountain] He said fiercely: "If it is true... I can't forgive you..." The elder brother said: "I will go back and use the "spiritual divination" to confirm it first... and then bring the incense. .....”
[Falcon] opened the door and went out at this time, and the conversation outside immediately stopped - because when you opened the door, you saw your brother and [Ba Mansion Mountain] outside the door, both of them were very dirty... The brother asked [Ba Mansion Mountain] Say goodbye, [Ruya] takes you home with him, and you grab [Chen Sha] and leave together.
After you killed [Wang Jingji], you regretted and missed him so much, and you were suffering from pain every moment. You hoped that [Chen Sha] would understand you, but you couldn't say it out, so you could only hold her tightly. .
At about 1 p.m. (13:00), you returned to the "Wizard's House". [Ruya] put down the "basket" covered with "flower cloth" at the door of the main house, and went upstairs with your brother. You took [Chen Sha] to the second floor of the east wing, but you didn't know what to say to her - you were weak and helpless behind the "mask", as if you were back in the dark coffin back then.
[Chen Sha] opened the window on the second floor and looked at you with a smile - which reminded you of [Wang Jingji] again - you couldn't face such a smile, so you could only turn around and run out, go to the main house and go upstairs. Go to your room, lie down on the table and cry bitterly... You hate yourself, you hate [Wang Jingji] even more, you killed him, and you hope he can live... You suddenly have a An extremely bold idea - you were resurrected by your brother using the "resurrection incense" after your death, and now you can use it again, even if it costs your "life"!
You ran to the door of the "Quiet Room", pushed it, and found that the door was bolted from the inside - you guessed that your brother was going to perform the "spiritual divination" he just mentioned, so in order to avoid being disturbed, you inserted the door bolt (" Divination" is different from ordinary divination. You must first enter concentration and then communicate with the "Mountain Spirit", so you must not be disturbed - otherwise, all your efforts will be wasted. In serious cases, you may be seduced by inner demons and lead to suicide.) My brother hates outsiders entering. Once he sees the "quiet room", he will definitely call the old servant "Yi Bo" to drive him away.
Usually you don't dare to disturb your brother, but today's situation is different - you knock on the door hard until your brother opens the door - and you see that he has just put on a clean "old black robe". When my brother opened the door and saw it was you, he walked back to the "terrace" on the north side of the "quiet room". You knew that your brother was resting his mind before starting the "divination", so you followed him into the house and walked to the "terrace" and asked your brother if you could use the "returning incense"?
Brother, please stop messing around! You begged your brother, mentioning that he once brought you back to life with the "soul-returning incense"... When your brother heard this, he suddenly became angry, and very unusually used a stern tone to tell you not to mention the "soul-returning incense" again. ! Then his attitude softened, and he told you not to worry about your past deaths, and not to pay attention to the rumors in the village - you are about to marry [Falcon], and my brother has a way to make him treat you well all his life, and he will never Betray you...
You felt even more aggrieved, so you turned around and ran out. Because you were wearing a "mask" and could not see clearly around you, you accidentally knocked down the "shelf" on the west side of the "quiet room" near the "terrace", and things fell to the floor.
You ran out of the "quiet room" and returned to your room. After thinking about it for a while, you made up your mind that you must use the "soul-returning incense" to resurrect your beloved. Since your brother didn't help, you went to use it secretly. At this moment, you This is the only thought left in my mind!
You remember that the "Returning Incense" is stored in the "Mountain Spirit Cave", so you run down the stairs on the west side, rush out of the house, and run to the "Mountain Spirit Cave" without looking back.
After about 14:00, you bypass the "cemetery" and run to "Xiya" (according to custom, passing through the "cemetery" is unlucky, and you usually take a detour between the two mountains to the north of the "cemetery") and see it again The scorched earth after the "Mountain Spirit Flower" disappeared.
You ran straight into the "Mountain Spirit Cave" before you had time to think about it. You lit the candle with the "match" (match) on the table in the cave. When you saw the "dagger" you used to kill [Wang Jingji], you felt another pain in your heart. .
You were out of breath at this time, so you focused on looking for the "returning incense", and did not smell the strange smell in the cave. You started to look for medicines, and finally found a box in the cabinet deep in the cave. With the "returning fragrance", you open the box with joy, only to find that it is empty!
You were so angry that you threw away the box and almost cried - but then you thought about it. When you were resurrected, you probably didn't use up all the "returning incense". You haven't heard of your brother using "returning incense" in these years. He has resurrected others - maybe he has taken the remaining "resurrection incense" home.
Thinking of this, you have hope again. You immediately stand up, blow out the candles, and walk out of the "Mountain Spirit Cave". Because you are anxious, you don't take the detour anymore and want to go home directly through the "cemetery".
You ran a lot with your "mask" on, and the weather was very hot. Even if you were wearing thin clothes, you still sweated a lot and soaked your clothes, but you had to hurry up.
After you ran into the "cemetery", you were surprised to see other people - [Ruya] standing in front of a grave mound, [Zheng Hanzhen] and [Falcon] covered in mud and water were removing a "thin board coffin" from They were brought up from the dug grave.
When you walked behind [Ruya], she didn't seem to notice it - you caught a glimpse of the words "Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)" on the tombstone nearby, and immediately thought that this was the tomb of [Juan Ge (Cuckoo Song)] - The coffin lid was not nailed, it was just covered - [Li Gaobai] stood opposite, staring at the coffin.
[Zheng Hanzhen] and [Falcon] worked together to lift the coffin lid, and inside was a partially decomposed male corpse, with his face vaguely visible! [Ruya] in front of you suddenly let out an exclamation, startling you.
Immediately afterwards, the soaked [Chen Sha] also ran from behind you. She was panting heavily and approached the coffin. After seeing the body inside, she shouted in a trembling voice: "The people inside... ..It’s Li Demu!”


next story
At about 16:30, everyone returned to "Bakang Village" and saw "Grandma" playing with her grandson on the roadside. She sang a song belonging to "Ghost Moon" (the seventh month of the lunar calendar). : "Don't go into the water before and after the Zhongyuan Dynasty (yo), if you drown, you will find a scapegoat (yo); don't sleep under a tree in July (yo), if you hang yourself, you will find a scapegoat (yo)..."
You saw that the clothes on [Chen Sha] were all wet, so you took her back to the "Wizard's House" and wanted to get some clothes for her to change. As soon as you walked outside the door of the "Wizard's House", [Chen Sha] suddenly said Go back to the "inn" to pick up things - you are very reluctant to leave [Chen Sha] and tell her to come back and stay today.
You went home with [Ruya] later. You wanted to go upstairs to find the "Return to Soul Incense", but you were afraid of being seen by [Ruya], so you grabbed her and asked her to help you get some food. You said you would go there at noon. I haven’t eaten yet, so I’m very hungry now. I want to eat “youbaba” with eggs in the stuffing (it takes time to prepare)...
You see [Ruya] went to the "corral" to get the eggs, and immediately went upstairs to find the "reviving incense" in the "quiet room", but found that the door could not be pushed open and the latch was inserted inside.
You knew your brother was inside and didn't dare to knock on the door again. At this moment, you thought that most of the "Dongya" side was cultivated land and there were no wild animals. Although you didn't have to worry about the body being taken away, it seemed that everyone went there after putting out the fire yesterday. You rested in the "old wooden house" so that no one saw you killing people - but if someone went deep into "Dongya" today and saw [Wang Jingji]'s body, it would be troublesome (after the body was found, the "Wizard" You will be called to deal with it, and there will definitely be no chance to use the "Returning Incense" by then)! Thinking of this, you immediately decide to go to "Dongya" to hide the body, and then come back to find the "Returning Incense".
You then go down the stairs on the west side to leave the "Wizard's House" and run towards the east gate of the village. When passing by the fisherman's house west of the "Stone Bridge" outside the east gate of the village, you see [Li Gaobai] by the water.
At about 17:00, you walked across the "Stone Bridge" and continued running along the "Hu River" to "Dongya". Halfway through, you saw the "Wizard's House" on the other side of the river bank - you only took a glance and you were I was so frightened by what I saw that I almost fell to the ground!
Outside the "terrace" on the second floor of the main house of "Wizard's House", there is a "Man in Black Robe" hanging by his neck with a "rope", his feet dangling in the air, still some distance from the river (there is nothing on the water) - Although separated by a "Tiger River" that is tens of meters wide, you can still tell at a glance that the "Man in Black Robe" who was hung up is your brother [Gui Yin]! After you see it clearly, run back immediately.
You ran back to "Bakang Village" and saw [Li Gaobai] and [Ruya] outside the "Wizard's House" from a distance. [Falcon] and [Zheng Hanzhen] were walking side by side. They both changed into clean clothes. The clothes of the people in the village were followed by several servants of the "Ba Family"... Those people met outside the door of the "Wizard Family", and [Falcon] was talking.
You ran to the door and shouted: "Something happened to my brother!" and then ran into the main house of "Wizard's House" - others followed you into the house, and together they went up the stairs on the west side to the second floor.
After you went upstairs, you banged on the door of the "quiet room" hard, but because of the latch, you couldn't open it.
[Falcon] grabbed you and asked several servants to bump into it, and finally broke the door open - there was no one in the "quiet room", and there were some things scattered on the ground - you ran to the "terrace" first and saw the "terrace" There is a "rope" tied to the east railing (it seems to be the one you kept in the "Quiet Room" on the second floor), and something is hanging outside... You can hardly stand, [Falcon] hugged you, and you felt yourself and him shaking.
At this time, [Chen Sha], who had changed into clean clothes, also appeared on the "terrace". [Li Gaobai] ran to the "railing", looked down, and shouted: "It's Gui Yin!"
[Ruya] shouted in shock: "Pull him up quickly!"
[Zheng Hanzhen] immediately went over and worked with [Li Gaobai] to pull up the "rope" and pulled the body with the "rope" tightly around the neck out of the "terrace" and placed it flat on the "terrace" - the deceased Exactly
Brother [Gui Yin]!
The sun has not yet set, but you suddenly feel a chill... Maybe your brother is not the only one who died today...
