
story background
September 21, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
After the outbreak of World War I, the imperial powers were busy on the European battlefield, but they still did not forget to split China and absorb China!
In the 34th year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1908), the entire "Shanghai-Nanjing Railway" was opened to traffic. Zhenjiang, which passed along the way, had been opened up as a concession by the British as early as 1861. In 1911, the Ministry of Industry Bureau of the British Concession occupied Jiangxi in front of the concession. Set up a fence along the road.
The terrain near Zhenjiang is high in the west and low in the east. There are many rivers. One of them is called the "White Bird River" because the white birds stay on it every year. There is a small Western-style building in the south of the "Baiwu River", which houses Mrs. Ruan, who owns a home, rents out the empty house in "Ruan's House" all year round...
your story
Your full name is [Ruan Guilang]. You were born in the 22nd year of Guangxu in the Qing Dynasty (1896). You grew up with your widowed mother and two sisters. Your mother [Mrs. Rent out unused empty houses and live on rent. The eldest sister [Zhaonan] is 5 years older than you, and she treats you like a treasure like your mother. The second sister [Wangdi] is 1 year older than you, and she lets you do everything.
Do you remember that when you were a child, there was [Luo Xiucai] who lived with his son and daughter on the second floor of "Ruan House" for a long time - your mother also asked [Luo Xiucai] to teach you how to read since you were a child.
When you were 7 years old (1902), a dance teacher rented a room with his adopted son [Qi Gu Fei] and adopted daughter [Hei Li] on the first floor, and used the hall on the first floor to train them to dance. The eldest sister often went to watch and learned from them. -The dance teacher exaggerated that my sister was very talented, but my mother disagreed. It wasn’t until she heard that foreigners in the “British Concession” in Zhenjiang often held dance parties, and girls who danced well might be invited, that she agreed to learn from her.
When you were 8 years old (1903), at the beginning of the second month of the lunar calendar, you picked up a letter outside the door of your mother's house (wife's room) on the second floor and brought it in. Your illiterate mother asked you to read it to her - you see The "Farewell Letter" was signed "Luo Xian" and the content was that he was going to Beijing to take the exam and asked [Ms. Ruan] to help him take care of the child.
[Luo Xiucai] never came back and left his son [Luo Younuo] and daughter [Xue Yan] in the "Ruan House". The mother adopted these two children without a father and mother to help the family work. Not only that, The mother still kept the family's house and did not rent it to anyone else.
The eldest sister at that time became quiet and always stayed alone in the second-story house (sister's room). My mother wanted you to continue studying, so she sent you to school in the city every day. The second sister began to dress up like the eldest sister - what do you think? The eldest sister, the second sister, and the older sister [Xue Yan] are all very beautiful, but your favorite sister is the "long-legged" [Hei Li] who dances with the eldest sister.
A few years later (1908), [Luo Younuo] took [Xue Yan] to leave the "Ruan House". Because you were studying in the city and didn't want to spend an hour on the road every day, you stayed on campus and stayed in the dormitory. At that time, the "British Concession" in the city seemed like another world, and most of the Chinese living there were wealthy people with connections to foreigners.
One day, the eldest sister suddenly came to the school to look for you. It turned out that the dance teacher and others were going to Shanghai. The eldest sister wanted to go with them without telling the mother. When the eldest sister said goodbye to you, she personally promised that when she makes money in the future, she will ask her mother to send you to a new school. Good school.


In 1911, the Ministry of Industry and Industry Bureau of the "British Concession" occupied the riverside road in front of the concession and built a new western-style building inside - you met [Xue Yan] in the city, and when reminiscing about the old days, you talked about your eldest sister's trip to Shanghai, and... I heard that [Xue Yan] worked as a maid in the house of "Baron Smith" in the "British Concession".
In the first year of the Republic of China (1912), men cut off their braids. In September, the eldest sister brought the second sister to visit you in the school dormitory. Only then did you know that the eldest sister is now an actor in the "Brigade Theater Company" and will soon appear on stage in Shanghai to play the heroine "White Swan" (Princess Odette) in "Swan Lake"· ·····After the sisters met with you, they took the train to Shanghai together.
In November, your mother came to pick you up from school and said that she had found a better school for you and was sending you to school in Shanghai. You immediately thought of your eldest sister and asked your mother if your eldest sister had helped you find the school?
Mother nodded and said that the eldest sister was married to a rich man, so she could support you to go to school there. From now on, you can concentrate on studying and don't worry about other things... You asked the second sister again and heard that she I fell ill after returning from Shanghai. I was in bed on the second floor (my sister's room) to recuperate, so I couldn't come to see you off.
Your mother took you to Shanghai by taking the "Shanghai-Nanjing Line" train at "Zhenjiang Station", sent you to a school with high tuition fees, and helped you rent a house near the school. She also left you some money before leaving, saying She will come to see you often - the train from Zhenjiang to Shanghai takes nearly 9 hours. My mother takes the train to see you. She always gets up early and arrives in the evening. She spends the night at your place and takes the train back early the next morning.
Last year (1913), you adapted to life in Shanghai. Because you liked it here so much, you didn't go home during the Chinese New Year. During this period, you received a letter from your eldest sister, which said that everything was going well after her marriage and she learned to write with her husband... ····
You still remember what your eldest sister said about "Swan Lake", so you bought a ticket to watch the performance of "The Birds Theater" and saw that [Hei Li] played the heroine - "Princess Odette" played by [Hei Li] was killed by "The Devil" "The curse turned into a "white swan" and could only return to human form at night. The "prince" fell in love with her and wanted to use true love to break the curse. However, he was transformed into "Ojie" by the "black swan" (the devil's daughter) at the dance. "Princess Tower" charm... In the last scene of the show, although the "Prince" vowed to save his lover from the Devil, his confession to the "Black Swan" made the Devil's curse take effect. After losing his lover, the "White Swan" Dying in pain······
The "Black Swan" who has the same appearance as the "White Swan" is also played by [Hei Li]. She puts on a black dance dress in the penultimate scene. In contrast to the pure beauty of the previous scene, she uses dance to seduce the "Prince" who cannot tell the truth. , her movements are full of enchantment, the huge contrast makes her win applause, and also makes your heart beat in the audience.
You then found the leader of the "Traveling Bird Troupe" and recognized him as the dance teacher who rented the house. Using your previous acquaintance, you came to the backstage and began to pursue [Hei Li] - [Hei Li] is older than you, or... A famous and capable actor will naturally not accept your love easily.
You were not discouraged and kept sending flowers and gifts to [Hei Li] - you needed money to do all these things, so you lied to your mother and made up reasons for the increase in tuition fees and accommodation fees - your mother always came to see you. It will bring you some money so you don't have to worry about expenses.
You have seen an old poster from a year ago on the wall outside the theater. It says that "The Traveling Bird Theater" will premiere "Swan Lake" on September 21, the first year of the Republic of China, with "White Bird" as "White Swan" (Princess Odette), "Qi Gu Fei" plays the "Prince", "Hei Li" plays the "Black Swan" (the Devil's daughter)... When you see the eldest sister's name, secretly take it off and prepare it. Show it to your mother when you get home.
This year (1914), you went shopping with [Hei Li] and saw a necklace called "Swan Tears" inlaid with drop-shaped gems in a British jewelry store. [Hei Li] liked it very much, but after seeing the price tag as high as one hundred silver dollars, she could only shake her head helplessly - of course you can't miss this opportunity and immediately said you would buy it for her.
[Hei Li] You are still a student now, how can you have so much money? You took the opportunity to make a bet with [Hei Li], saying that if you could give her this necklace, she would go home with you to meet your mother and confirm your relationship!
[Hei Li] After agreeing with a smile, you sent a telegram to tell your mother that you urgently need one hundred silver dollars, but you haven't seen her send the money yet.
In August, you came to the jewelry store again to ask if there was a discount, but found that the "Swan Tears" on the counter were missing. You hurriedly asked the clerk and learned that the owner of the store, "Baron Smith," took the necklace away and took it back to his home in the "British Concession" in Zhenjiang.
"Swan Tears" means far more to you than just a necklace, it is also related to whether you can pursue [Hei Li] - If you have an impression of the name "Baron Smith", take the train back to Zhenjiang and buy it at the train station I saw in the newspaper that "Baron Smith" was planning to hold a cocktail party at his home to raise money for a charity sale for the British troops participating in the "World War" - the auction items were all jewelry brought back from Shanghai.
You guessed that "Swan Tears" was among those charity items, so you ran home to see your mother and asked her why she didn't give you any money? The mother looked embarrassed and said that she didn't have so much money at hand now... You thought your mother didn't tell you earlier that she couldn't get the money, so you loudly said that she would think of a way, so there was no need for her to prepare!
You then hurried back to Zhenjiang City - it turned out that the newspaper you bought at the train station also saw that the butler of "Baron Smith" wanted to temporarily recruit some waiters for the reception on August 12th in order to ensure that the reception on August 12 went smoothly - You are determined to get this necklace. If you don't have the money to buy it, you can only find a way to sneak into the foreigner's house and steal the "Swan Tears"!
You took the newspaper, found the home of "Baron Smith" in the "British Concession", and went in to apply. Your conditions were very good in all aspects, and you were retained by the housekeeper on the spot. Because you came back from playing truant in Shanghai, you had no Instead of returning to the "Ruan House", he rented a house at the "Yuechang Hotel" outside the concession. Every morning, he passed through the alley behind the hotel to go to the baron's house in the "British Concession" to receive training.
On August 11th, when you met [Xue Yan] at the Baron’s house, you said you were here for a work-study program.
On August 12th, as a waiter, all your activities can only be between the hall and the kitchen on the first floor of the Baron's house, and you are never allowed to go upstairs. If you want to know more about the situation, just quietly send [Xue Yan] called her to the corridor outside the kitchen and asked her about the reception and auction.
[Xue Yan] said she didn’t know, she just told you that there will be dancers invited from Shanghai’s “Traveler Theater” to perform “Swan Lake” at the reception...
Before you could ask [Xue Yan] anything more, you saw a man coming out of the kitchen with his second sister [Wangdi] - you then recognized the man as [Xue Yan]'s brother [Luo Younuo] - do you remember My mother said that my second sister was sick and she didn't expect to meet her here.
At this time, another man and woman came to the corridor. The man was [Qi Gu Fei] who once rented downstairs in the "Ruan House", and the woman was [Hei Li] for whom you did not hesitate to steal "Swan Tears". !


August 12, 10:00 (corridor outside the kitchen) greetings
You must do the following "performances" at this stage and you can also ask what you want to know
1. You cannot let [Hei Li] know that you plan to steal "Swan Tears" to give to her - [Hei Li] is an actor. Before she agrees to be with you, you cannot tell her in public or mention it. "Swan Tears".
2. You have to hide that you have been cheating your family out of money, and you should not let your second sister know that you like [Hei Li] at this time.
3. You will tell your second sister that your studies are going well, but the tuition is very expensive, and you still have a lot of expenses in Shanghai, but you are embarrassed to always tell your family (you can also make up lies that will not be exposed), and you want to come to Zhenjiang to find classmates. Borrow money, see a job opening in the newspaper, and come here to work as a temporary waiter to earn pocket money - you want your second sister to promise you not to tell your mother that you are working out.
4. Although you have been studying in Shanghai before, your English is not good and you have never met your brother-in-law (if you want to find a way to steal "Swan Tears", you must stay at the baron's house and cannot go to your brother-in-law's house with your second sister).

The story after the pleasantries
After [Qi Gu Fei] took [Hei Li] away, the second sister said goodbye to you and [Luo Younuo] and [Xue Yan] - you were afraid that the second sister would ask you to go to your brother-in-law's house with her, but fortunately she didn't call you .
After the second sister left, [Luo Younuo] took [Xue Yan] away. You still didn’t know where to put the “Swan Tears”, so you avoided people and walked up to the second floor of the Baron’s house.
You slipped into an unlocked room, thinking it was a guest room. Just as you were about to go out, you saw a handsome Chinese man walk in. You saw that the bed in the room was messy, and there was what seemed to be a woman's long hair on it. Just pretend to go into the house to clean up. The Chinese man sees you dressed as a waiter and has no suspicion.
After you finished making the bed, you were stopped by a Chinese businessman. He asked you to help him carry the clothes he took out from a suitcase in the house and then change.
The Chinese man looked in the mirror and dressed up, but showed a look of disgust and murmured to himself: "I have to go home to see that woman again... I shouldn't have married her in the first place... I can't help but do this on such an occasion." Bring her here..."
At this time, there was a knock on the door outside, and the Chinese man asked you to open the door. When you opened the door, you saw it was [Xue Yan]. She said she was here to clean up the room. You were afraid that she would reveal your secret, so you said no disturbance in the house now... ···[Xue Yan] looked at you doubtfully. You remembered the long hair you just saw, and whispered in her ear that there was a woman in the room...
[Xue Yan] wisely turned around and left. You watched her walk downstairs, then returned to the room and told the Chinese man that the person who knocked on the door came to find you to work downstairs. The Chinese man didn't pay attention to your words and asked you to tell the baron that he was going to get silver coins from home and then pick up his wife.
You nodded in agreement and breathed a sigh of relief after walking out - you still didn't see the necklace, but you didn't dare to stay on the second floor anymore.
In the afternoon, you saw foreigners putting out some jewelry, but you didn't see "Swan Tears" - you were anxious, thinking that you had not spoken to [Hei Li] alone just now, so you asked another waiter to go to the side of the corridor. room (where Hei Li and Qi Gu Fei prepare and put on makeup before the show starts), help you call [Hei Li] out. [Hei Li] After coming out, you took her to the corridor and said to her solemnly: "I will definitely get "Swan Mi", and don't forget what you promised me... "
[Hei Li] said that she was about to perform and could not be distracted now. You were about to say something to [Hei Li] when you saw the Chinese man you saw before walking over - you were afraid of being noticed by him, so you turned around and avoided it.
Instead of doing the waiter work you should do next (pushing the dining cart to the lobby), you hid in the corner of the corridor and stared at the people coming down from upstairs, watching them place the jewelry one by one, but Still haven’t seen “Swan Tears”.
In the afternoon, the cocktail party started on time, music sounded in the hall, and you saw [Luo Younuo] wearing waiter's clothes, pushing the dining cart into the hall, and coming out quickly - you walked into the hall and saw a lot of people here, [Hei Li] The performance of "Swan Lake" with [Qi Gu Fei] attracted everyone's attention - you also looked at [Hei Li] intently and were surprised to find that the "Swan Tears" was worn around her neck!
The audience applauded after the performance. "Baron Smith" took out jewelry for auction. The necklace [Hei Li] wore turned out to be one of the auction items. You knew that the price of this necklace was one hundred silver dollars, but unexpectedly the Chinese man took out one hundred and fifty silver dollars to buy it. [Hei Li] smiled, took off the necklace and handed it to him, and the Chinese man took it. Finally, he whispered something to [Hei Li]... After that, [Qi Gu Fei] and [Hei Li] went to remove their makeup, and the Chinese man followed them out.


The housekeeper asked you to clean up the place after the show. When you were cleaning up, you saw a Chinese man being called in by the baron to talk...The housekeeper then sent you to the room on the side of the corridor to clean up. You saw a wooden painted wooden knife in the room. The British-style "formal sword" was worn by [Qi Gu Fei] when he played the role of "Prince", so he picked it up, but didn't see anyone else. When you came out with the "formal sword", you saw [Luo Younuo] wearing a waiter's clothes pushing a dining cart in the corridor... You handed the "formal sword" to the butler, and the chef came over and told the butler You didn't work in the afternoon and you hid somewhere. After hearing this, the housekeeper was very angry and asked you to take off your waiter's clothes and leave without giving you any wages!
You were very disappointed and felt that you had done nothing well, so you walked out of the "British Concession" and returned to the "Yue Wang Hotel" to sleep.
The next day (August 13), you get up early, pay your rent, go to the train station and take the "Shanghai-Nanjing Line" train (6155 trains) departing from Nanjing at 10:00 in the morning to return to Shanghai - you were at [Hei Li] I boasted in front of me, but I didn't get the necklace. I didn't dare to go to her for more than a month, and I missed her again, which was very painful.
Yesterday (September 20), in the evening, your mother came to Shanghai to see you. She gave you something and asked if you could find someone to estimate whether it was worth a hundred silver dollars. You never thought in your wildest dreams that your mother would give you something. What came out turned out to be "Swan Tears"!
Worth it, so worth it! You tell your mother and then you remember to ask her where it came from? Mother said it was given to you by your brother-in-law - you thought about the handsome man who bought the necklace, and remembered your brother-in-law's name, so you casually asked your mother if [Wang Zimo] bought it at the reception? Your mother thought of something at this time and said that [Wang Zimo] was dead... You were stunned for a moment, and then you heard your mother say intermittently that you still didn’t know who the murderer was... Your sister inherited [ Wang Zimo] has left the concession and is living at home... Your sister loves you very much and said she would give you all the property... You are surprised, happy, and anxious. I wanted to give the necklace to [Hei Li], but when I heard it, I picked up the necklace and told him to go out.
You ran to the troupe's residence to find [Hei Li] - you gave "Swan Tears" to [Hei Li], which surprised her and asked you where you got it from? You said your mother gave it to you, and then you changed your story and said your brother-in-law gave it to you.
[Hei Li] took the necklace and asked if you knew your brother-in-law was dead? You didn't expect that [Hei Li] had already heard about this. After a slight hesitation, you said that you knew, and then you stopped caring about your brother-in-law's affairs and kept urging [Hei Li] to fulfill the bet and go with you to meet him. Mother.
[Hei Li] Ask you again how [Zhaonan] is doing now? You remember what your mother said, telling [Hei Li] that the eldest sister has returned to the "Ruan House" from the concession. [Hei Li] agreed to go to "Ruan's House".
After that, you told [Hei Li] that your sister would give you all your brother-in-law's inheritance, and you shamelessly asked [Hei Li] for a gift in return. [Hei Li] went back to the house and took out a "Black Feather Mask" as a gift. You-you remember that this mask was worn by the actress on the poster you tore off, but you haven't seen [Hei Li] wearing it during a performance since then. You guessed that it had something special, so you were even happier.
After you and [Hei Li] separated, you put on your mask and returned to your residence. You talked to your mother some more and promised to give her a surprise. When you were going to return to "Ruan's House" with [Hei Li], you told her in person. The mother, therefore, did not let her see the mask or know about it first.
Today (September 21st), at 8:00 a.m., you went to the train station to see your mother off, and then went to look for [Hei Li], but you didn’t see her. People in the troupe said that [Hei Li] went to Zhenjiang. .
You wouldn’t expect [Hei Li] to be so active. Of course he had to go back, so he ran back to his residence to pack his luggage and ran to the train station with the money.
At 10:00 in the morning, you finally bought a cheap third-class ticket, bought another "Shanghai Newspaper", got on the train to Zhenjiang (6155 times), and returned to Zhenjiang after nearly 9 hours - where are you? I wanted to read the news on the way, but I saw a mention of [Hei Li] in the newspaper, so I didn't read it. You hated reporters who wrote such articles. You felt that they only caught wind of the situation and skipped it every time.
After the train arrived at the station, you got off the train and bought some food to satisfy your hunger, and then walked to "Ruan's House".
At about 20:00, you are almost at "Ruan House" and you can't help but quicken your pace... You walk into "Ruan House" and see [Hei Li] talking to a tenant in the lobby. The tenant said [Mrs. Ruan] was brought back by a fisherman with her luggage not long ago. She should be upstairs now. The tenant’s wife came out and added that [Mrs. Ruan] was washing her hair upstairs after she came back... ·
You immediately call [Hei Li], then excitedly pull her upstairs and take her to your room (young master's room) - the floor around the stairs on the second floor is very old, and it makes noise when you walk up. After you went upstairs and went to the door of the "Master's Room" on the east side of the stairs, you saw the second sister [Wangdi] going downstairs.
[Hei Li] said she wanted to see [Zhaonan], so you took her to knock on the door of the "sister's room", but there was no response... You casually said that the eldest sister might have gone out, and then took [Hei Li ] Walked into his room on the east side of the corridor, put down his luggage, and [Hei Li] said he wanted to see your mother.
You were very happy after hearing this, so you took [Hei Li] out of the "Master's Room" and walked outside the "Madam's Room" and knocked on the door. When you heard your mother asking who it was inside, [Hei Li] answered her name. . The mother asked her what happened again?
[Hei Li] did not answer immediately, but asked you to go back to your room first. She wanted to talk to [Mrs. Ruan] alone. You were a little reluctant, but you still listened to [Hei Li] and went back to your room. inside, and then heard someone running in the corridor.
Do you think that [Hei Li] took the train two hours earlier than you, but it seems that she arrived at "Ruan's House" about the same time as you, and she didn't carry any luggage except a lady's bag... ···
Just when you were thinking wildly, [Hei Li] ran into your room and told you that your mother might be dead and your eldest sister was going to commit suicide... You were confused and only saw [Hei Li]. Li] couldn't help but tremble when he spoke - [Hei Li] Seeing that you didn't understand, he anxiously repeated what he just said loudly.
You finally heard clearly what [Hei Li] meant and suddenly panicked - then you heard someone running in the corridor again, seemingly going downstairs.
At about 21:00, you heard someone knocking on the door outside, so you walked out with [Hei Li] and saw [Xue Yan] outside the "guest room one" door on the east side of the corridor on the second floor - the person who knocked on the door was [Qi Gu Fei], he was talking to [Luo Younuo], the second sister [Wangdi], who was full of alcohol, was coming out of her room (sister's room).
[Qi Gu Fei]'s trouser legs and shoes were wet, and he said anxiously: "Zhaonan is dead!" After hearing this, [Hei Li] hurried to [Qi Gu Fei] and whispered to him Said something.
