
story background
September 21, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
After the outbreak of World War I, the imperial powers were busy on the European battlefield, but they still did not forget to split China and absorb China!
In the 34th year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1908), the entire "Shanghai-Nanjing Railway" was opened to traffic. Zhenjiang, which passed along the way, had been opened up as a concession by the British as early as 1861. In 1911, the Ministry of Industry Bureau of the British Concession occupied Jiangxi in front of the concession. Set up a fence along the road.
The terrain near Zhenjiang is high in the west and low in the east. There are many rivers. One of them is called the "White Bird River" because white migratory birds stay on it every year. There is a small Western-style building in the south of the "White Bird River", which houses residents. A widowed Mrs. Ruan rents out the empty house of "Ruan House" all year round...
your story
Your full name is [Ruan Wangdi]. You were born in the 21st year of Guangxu in the Qing Dynasty (1895). Your father [Ruan Qiande] died very early. In addition to hearing his name mentioned by your mother [Mrs. Ruan] (Mr. Li), , there is no more impression - after my father died, my mother rented out the unused empty houses in the "Ruan House" and lived on the rent.
Your sister [Zhaonan] is 4 years older than you. She has been beautiful since she was a child and can sing and dance well. You feel like an "ugly duckling" compared to her. Fortunately, you believe that the "ugly duckling" will become an "ugly duckling" one day. "White Swan"...Brother [Guilang] is one year younger than you. Both your mother and sister [Zhaonan] regard him as a treasure, and you let him do everything.
Do you remember that when you were a child, there was [Luo Xiucai] who lived with his son and daughter on the second floor of "Ruan House" for a long time - and his mother also asked [Luo Xiucai] to teach [Guilang] how to read since he was a child.
When you were 8 years old (1902), a dance teacher took his adopted son [Qi Gu Fei] and adopted daughter [Hei Li] to rent a room on the first floor, and used the hall on the first floor to train them to dance - my sister often went to watch and learned from them. -The dance teacher praised her sister for her talent, but her mother didn't take it seriously. It wasn't until she heard that foreigners in the "British Concession" in Zhenjiang often held dance parties, and girls who danced well might be invited, that she agreed to let her learn.
When you were 9 years old (1903), at the beginning of the second month of the lunar calendar, [Luo Xiucai] owed the rent and left without saying goodbye, leaving his son [Luo Younuo] and daughter [Xue Yan] in the "Ruan House". The mother adopted these two fatherless children. The motherless child helped the family work - not only that, the mother also kept the family's house and did not rent it to anyone else. My elder sister was 13 years old that year and became quiet and always stayed alone in the second-story house (sister's room)... Because [Luo Xiucai] was not around, my mother sent my younger brother [Guilang] to school in the city every day.
You started dressing up like your sister. While she was dancing downstairs, you secretly went to her room, took out the "hairpin" she put in the box and put it on your head. When your sister saw it, she was very angry and threw the "hairpin" away. Tear it off and step on it severely. You are not allowed to look good wearing this. You burst into tears. After hearing this, [Luo Younuo] ran to pick wild flowers and made a garland for you. You felt that you were not as good as your sister. The "hairpin flower"······
A few years later (1908), [Luo Younuo] took [Xue Yan] away from the "Ruan residence", and his younger brother went to live in the city to live in school. The dance teacher and others were going to Shanghai, but my sister went with them without telling her mother... During those days, my mother had insomnia at night. Later, after hearing someone's recommendation, she went to a Western pharmacy and bought "Tzu Chi Anshen" (sleeping pills), which she relied on. This one falls asleep.


In the first year of the Republic of China (1912), men cut off their braids. In September, my sister went home to visit and told you that she had taken the stage name "White Bird" and was about to appear on stage as a heroine in Shanghai. Your mother was still angry with your sister, but you were very envious and begged your sister to take you to see her.
Your sister first took you to the city to see your brother who lives in school, and then you took about 9 hours of train ride to Shanghai. My sister rented a cheap house near the troupe for you to live in, and came over to chat with you every night - you heard that [Qi Gu Fei] and [Hei Li] who used to practice dance with your sister were all in this place called "Travel" In the troupe of "Bird" - in the upcoming "Swan Lake", my sister plays the "White Swan" (Princess Odette), [Qi Gu Fei] plays the "Prince", and [Hei Li] plays the "Black Swan" (The Devil) daughter.
On September 21st, "The Traveling Bird Theater" performed "Swan Lake" for the first time. You did not have the opportunity to go to the auditorium of the theater to watch the performance. You could only watch your sister from the backstage, and after the happy ending...sister's performance ended Then she put on her normal clothes and slipped out. You stayed to help her pack her things. When you saw the white costume and a "white feather mask" that your sister had worn, you couldn't help but put them on, barefoot in front of the mirror, just like you did when you were a child. Imitate my sister.
At this time, a well-dressed young man walked into the backstage. He was handsome and holding flowers in his hand. He said he was here to give you flowers. You knew that the man regarded you as his sister, but you couldn't help but accept the flowers. The man asked you. You took off your mask and let him see your beauty. You blushed and complied. Then the man praised your beauty!
This was the first time in your life that you were praised like this. You felt so happy that you accepted the man's subsequent invitation and followed him to a luxurious Western restaurant to have dinner together under candlelight. While chatting, you learned that the man's name was [Wang Zimo], after the death of his parents, inherited a large amount of inheritance and his father's real estate in the "British Concession" in Zhenjiang. Now he works with the British. This time he came to Shanghai on a business trip with his boss "Baron Smith". See I really enjoyed "your" dance during the performance...
You are immersed in this unexpected romance, wishing you were your sister. You have no resistance to [Wang Zimo]'s sweet words. You keep agreeing to go out with him on dates and accept gifts. Your sister goes to the theater to perform every day, and you take the opportunity to sneak in. Her clothes went out without being noticed - When you pretended to be your sister on a date, you accidentally told [Wang Zimo] your home address. When he learned that you lived in Zhenjiang, he was ecstatic and said that he would send a betrothal gift soon. Go to your house to propose marriage.
In November, after the performance came to an end, my sister sent you back to Zhenjiang's "Ruan House". After you got home, as soon as you put your luggage back in your respective rooms, you saw your mother hurriedly came to see your sister and said that she had accepted it [Wang Zimo] agreed to marry his sister to him as a betrothal gift.
My sister said that she didn’t know that [Wang Zimo] at all, and then she and her mother got into an argument - you stayed silent on the sidelines, but in your heart you resented your sister for not knowing how blessed she was!
When my sister and her mother got tired of arguing, they went back to her room to rest. They said they would go back to Shanghai the next day and asked their mother to return the betrothal gift. Your mother held you and cried, saying that you would use the money to send your brother to a good school and you could not return it!
You didn't want to miss this opportunity, so you said you could marry her in your sister's place - and then you told your mother everything you knew about [Wang Zimo] - your mother was worried that your sister wouldn't agree, so you asked your mother to put sleeping pills in her meal. Wait for her to fall asleep, tie her up in your house with a rope, and only tell the outside world that "you" are not in good health and recuperate at home... After you marry as [Zhaonan], as long as you don't see anyone from the troupe again , no one will know the truth!
A week later, you put on a red hijab, was helped downstairs by your mother, and [Wang Zimo] came to marry you in a big red sedan chair. A Chinese-style wedding was held, and you became the legitimate "Mrs. Wang" from then on.
After that, my sister was tied up in your room (sister's room) by her mother and kept putting sleeping pills in her meals. My sister became weaker and weaker, gradually became confused and unresponsive, and went from struggling in pain to unable to resist...
[Wang Zimo] was very considerate to you after the wedding. Hearing that you were illiterate, he wrote a resignation letter to the theater troupe for "you" (Zhaonan), and personally taught you how to read and write... After you learned it, In the name of [Zhaonan], I wrote a letter to my sister (yourself) in "Ruan Zhai" and my brother who was sent to Shanghai to study by his mother, saying that everything was fine after marriage and that he had learned to write from his husband.
This stolen happiness only lasted until the second year (1913). Your younger brother, who was studying in Shanghai, kept asking for money from your family. Your mother forced you to find a way, and even threatened you with exposing you for pretending to be your sister - you could only ask your husband. Asking for money to send home, in order to avoid being seen by acquaintances, you always go in and out of "Ruan's house" early in the morning... [Wang Zimo] gradually became tired of constantly asking for money, and started to quarrel with you, and later simply You used the excuse of a business trip and stayed away from home for many days... After you were left out in the cold, you couldn't help but feel resentful towards your mother's endless demands.
This year (1914), your husband will no longer give you money, so you have to wait until the morning after he goes on a business trip (as long as he goes out for work and does not come back at night), steal some Western objects or jewelry from home, and send them back "Ruan's House" was given to mother to sell - mother took advantage of your return home to let you look at [Zhaonan], and she went to Shanghai to send money to her brother. When your mother is away, you go to the kitchen to cook food for your sister, and continue to put sleeping pills in the food... When your sister wakes up, she is confused and very haggard.
Your life is not easy now. You pretend to be someone else every day and have to stay alone in an empty room... You sit by the window of your "sister's room", untie your braided hair as a married woman, and let your hair grow long. Hang out the window and look out at the "White Bird River" - at this time, the grass is growing along the river and the orioles are flying. The tenants of "Ruan House" have changed several times. In their eyes, the second lady of "Ruan House" is a person who lives on the second floor all year round. The "Sleeping Beauty" recuperating in the house...
You shed tears inadvertently and saw a fishing boat going upstream on the river. The man on the boat looked up and saw you, shouting your name in surprise. You recognized the man on the boat as [Luo Younuo] who used to live on the second floor. Today [Luo Younuo] has a strong figure and keeps waving to you on the boat. You smile when you think of the garland he gave you when you were a child.
【Luo Younuo】Paddled the boat to the river outside the window, held on hard, and asked you from across the river bank, are you feeling better? You could only nod. [Luo Younuo] also said that he wanted to come to visit you several times, but [Mrs. Ruan] disagreed... Of course you knew why your mother disagreed, and you were moved by his enthusiasm, so you started chatting with him at the window. , feeling the long-lost happiness... After that, every time you went back to "Ruan's house" to deliver something, after your mother left, you would look at the river in the "sister's room" until you saw [Luo Younuo] punting the boat. ·····
If you think this is true love and want to get closer to [Luo Younuo], hide your sleeping sister under the bed, tie one end of the rope that binds her to the leg of the bed, and put the other end outside. 【Luo Younuo】Tie the boat to a short tree on the shore, then grab the rope and climb into the house to make out with you.
Because your sister is under the bed, you don't dare to let [Luo Younuo] stay in the house for too long - after he climbs down, you hide the rope and help your sister back to the bed, looking forward to the next meeting - every time your mother goes to Shanghai to visit Brother, I won’t be back until the evening of the next day, and I don’t know anything about you and [Luo Younuo].
On August 10th, [Wang Zimo] was on a business trip again. You were looking forward to meeting [Luo Younuo] and returned to "Ruan's House" early in the morning. When your mother saw you coming back, she rushed to Shanghai in a hurry.
On August 11, [Luo Younuo] said after being intimate that he wanted to propose marriage. You lowered your head and whispered that your mother would not agree. Then you felt very disappointed and asked him to go down. You also told him not to let anyone know about you.


In the evening, after my mother came home, she said that her younger brother had come back to ask for money a few days ago and did not return to Shanghai. She didn't know where he went. She was very worried... You stayed at "Ruan's House" that night and persuaded her to tell her that her younger brother Nothing will happen.
On the morning of August 12th, you returned to the "British Concession" in Zhenjiang. You heard someone calling you on the road. You turned around and saw [Luo Younuo] carrying two fresh fishes. You were surprised at first, but then you became nervous.
[Luo Younuo] said that he came to see his sister who was working as a maid in the concession. He also said that [Xue Yan] and you haven’t seen each other for a long time and wanted to take you to see her. You couldn’t resist [Luo Younuo]’s request and had to agree to go with him first. I went to see [Xue Yan], and on the way I told [Luo Younuo] again not to tell anyone about my relationship with you.
[Luo Younuo] took you into a foreign mansion through the back door. He put down the fish in the kitchen and took you to the corridor outside the kitchen. You found [Xue Yan] and saw her talking to [Guilang] - you haven't seen her in nearly two years. I've met my brother - [Guilang] who was sent to Shanghai didn't know that you were pretending to be your sister.
At this time, another man and woman came into the corridor. You recognized them as [Qi Gu Fei] and [Hei Li] who had rented downstairs in the "Ruan House" and were also your sister's colleagues in the "Traveling Bird Troupe". ·····
August 12, 10:00 (corridor outside the kitchen) greetings
You must do the following "performances" at this stage and you can also ask what you want to know
1. You have to hide that you are pretending to be your sister to marry (these people all know you and Zhaonan) - you can say that you are in poor health. You fell ill in bed after returning from Shanghai that year, and have been recuperating since then. You have not been out and rely on your mother every day. Meal delivery and care did not get better until this year. Now that she has recovered, she comes to the "British Concession" to visit her sister, and will soon go to her brother-in-law's house (you now call Wang Zimo "brother-in-law").
2. You were afraid that your brother would tell your mother that you were dating [Luo Younuo], so you pretended that you met him by chance.
3. Ask about his younger brother’s studies and living conditions in Shanghai, and tell him that his mother is anxious because she has not seen him.
4. If someone compliments you on your beauty, you will say that you are not as good as your sister (you and your sister don’t look alike).
The story after the pleasantries
After [Qi Gu Fei] took [Hei Li] away, you said goodbye to your brother and [Luo Younuo] brother and sister, and went to your "brother-in-law" (Wang Zimo) home alone - you were very afraid that your brother would go with you, but fortunately he took the initiative to stay Down.
You were most afraid of being exposed after marriage - you once saw [Wang Zimo] bring home a box with foreign writing on it and hide it in the cabinet. You thought there was something valuable in it, so you wanted to steal it. When you opened it, you found that it was A pair of newly bought dancing shoes and a package. You were afraid that [Wang Zimo] bought them for you (if you couldn’t dance after wearing them, everything would be revealed), so you hurriedly took the things back to the "Ruan House" and hid them in the " In the cabinet of "sister's room"...
At noon, [Wang Zimo] returned home, took more than a hundred silver dollars, and said he would take you to a cocktail party.
In the afternoon, [Wang Zimo] will take you to the house of "Baron Smith" that you visited in the morning. Enter the hall from the main entrance. There are many people inside. [Wang Zimo] is socializing around and doesn't care about you (he brought his wife to socialize. etiquette). You lowered your head and hid in the corner, fearing to be seen by the acquaintances you met in the morning. Fortunately, "Swan Lake" started playing in the hall, and [Hei Li] and [Qi Gu Fei] attracted everyone's attention.
When you saw your younger brother and [Xue Yan] were also in the hall, you became even more nervous. Without saying hello to [Wang Zimo], you quietly walked out of the Baron's house. When you got home, you wanted to wait for [Wang Zimo] to come back and then make up a lie to explain why you were early. leave.
The next day (August 13th), the patrol officer from the concession came to inform you that someone found [Wang Zimo]’s body outside the concession... After that, the patrol officer asked your family about their whereabouts yesterday. You and other servants People testify to each other that they are all at home before dark...
A few days later, the patrol told you the investigation: [Wang Zimo] was murdered in the alley behind the "Yue Wang Hotel" outside the concession. The time of death was estimated to be the night of August 12th - according to on-site speculation, the deceased was first killed The person was hit on the back of the head with a blunt object, and was hit on the head multiple times to death after falling to the ground. All his belongings were probably taken away by the murderer, including a pair of "Swan Tears" that Wang Zimo bought at a cocktail party. "Necklace - The patrol once went to question the servants of the Baron's family. Someone saw [Wang Zimo] put the necklace called "Swan Tears" into his pocket when he took a glass of wine from a maid.
In September, the murderer of [Wang Zimo] was still not found. As a widow, you received the visiting "Baron Smith" and signed a document with the notarization of a lawyer, becoming [Wang Zimo] all Heir to the property - According to the customs in the concession, as [Ruan Zhaonan], the widow of [Wang Zimo], you must not only wear a black dress but also a hat with a black veil (it is said to be "Victoria"). "The Queen" wore it to her husband's funeral in 1861 and later became fashionable.
You were very excited when you signed, and began to think about how to use this opportunity to find your own happy life - you love [Luo Younuo], want to marry him, and don't want to pretend to be your sister anymore, but you can't give up the inheritance you have already obtained. -In order for the legacy to belong to your true self, you can only get rid of the real [Zhaonan]!
You dismissed the servants at home in the name of planning to sell the property in the concession. Previously, because you were unfamiliar with etiquette, you rarely participated in [Wang Zimo]'s social interactions. You didn't have any acquaintances in the concession, so you asked the Baron to help you find them. A foreign lawyer who did not know him before and knew Chinese made a "will" in English at the Baron's house. The content was that [Ruan Zhaonan]'s sister [Ruan Wangdi] would inherit the property after his death. After confirmation, he signed.
On the afternoon of September 19th, still wearing a widow's attire and a hat with a black veil, you left the "British Concession" and returned to the "Ruan House". You go upstairs to the "sister's room" first, put your luggage in the cabinet, and then go to see your mother and tell her what you saw about your brother before. You also heard that your brother has never come home.


If you tell your mother that [Wang Zimo] is dead, you will pretend to be your sister and write a document to transfer all the inheritance... (You can write, and all documents signed as "Zhaonan" are yours. Written in your own handwriting, there will be no flaws. As a sister, you have written letters to yourself and your brother before, and you are not afraid to compare the handwriting.) When my mother heard this, she nodded and said, "Yes, you should transfer all those inheritances to your brother!" You! He sneered in his heart, but pretended to care about his younger brother on the outside, saying that of course he would leave it to him...
Your mother is not aware of your thoughts at all - how could you give away the money you exchanged for your happiness to others? Your mother's behavior over the years of doing everything for your brother has ruined your once happy marriage... In your plan, not only must you use your mother as an accomplice, but you must not give her another chance to take advantage of or threaten you!
Yesterday (September 20), early in the morning, my mother fed my sister porridge mixed with sleeping pills, and then went to Shanghai to visit my brother and give him valuable things.
After your mother left, you started to take action - you first went to the "sister's room", put the black clothes on your sleeping sister, put your own clothes back on, took out a pen and paper, sat down by the window, and wrote a letter [Zhaonan ]'s "Suicide Note": I don't want to live after my lover dies - since I can't be as happy as the white swan I originally played, I might as well die for him! My brother Guilang is young and ignorant and loves to spend money, so I can't give him the inheritance---I have written a will with the help of the lawyer in the concession. After my death, I will leave all the property to my sister Ruan Wangdi. I hope she can Live a happy life. Then sign "Ruan Zhaonan's Last Writings" and write the date.
After you finished writing, you stood up and opened the window to get some air. When you heard someone calling you outside the window, you stuck your head out and saw [Luo Younuo went to Shanghai to see his brother. He might come back tomorrow - [Luo Younuo] wanted to come up to you. You said My sister is back and she is very sad now. You have to go and stay with your sister... [Luo Younuo] shouted to you: "You should also go out for a walk, don't stay bored in the house all day - I'm at the lake Come and find me there!" You responded to [Luo Younuo] with a smile, saying that you would definitely go (Luo Younuo and his ship are also in your plan). After that, you closed the window, took the "suicide note" and the pen to the "sister's room" opposite, and placed it on the table.
Today (September 21st), in the afternoon, you went downstairs to the kitchen to cook, and put a lethal amount of sleeping pills in your sister's food. Then you went upstairs to feed her in the "sister's room" and saw that she looked in pain. Then you heard someone walking in the corridor outside the door - the floor around the second floor stairs was very old, and it made a noise when you walked up - you hugged your sister tightly, pretending to comfort her... you didn't look back, you don't know Whoever was outside the door felt that my sister's body was getting weaker and weaker. When you heard the people outside walking away, you helped your sister lie down. It wasn't until it was getting late that you watched her take her last breath...
After 18:00, my mother came back. She came to the "sister's room" and said she was sweating a lot and wanted to wash her hair in a hurry. She asked you to boil water, but she found that [Zhaonan] had died! You immediately explain that your sister is unwilling to cooperate and threatens to expose everything. You can only increase the dose of medicine for her, but you accidentally kill her. Now you can only disguise your sister's death as a suicide in order to successfully pass the inheritance to your brother. ······
Mother can't accept it for a while, so you just say that your brother needs money recently, right? He is studying in Shanghai, and everything is very expensive... Mother nodded and decided to listen to your arrangements.
You take off the "widow" clothes that your sister is wearing, let your mother put on them, and then let her put on a hat with a black veil, pretend to be your sister, take the English "will" and the bottle of sleeping pills, and go to the lake with you.
At about 19:00, you and your mother, who put on a veil and pretended to be "sister", came to the lake. You went to [Luo Younuo] alone and said that you wanted to borrow his boat so that your sister could relax - [Luo Younuo] immediately agreed.
You helped "sister" get on the fishing boat and asked her to give you an "English document" (will) in the sight of [Luo Younuo]. You gave a few instructions in "sister"'s ear, and then looked at her. The man rowed the boat to the lake.
You then ran to [Luo Younuo], and in order to distract him, you pulled him to a deserted place for a passionate kiss, and then told him that your sister was very sad after the death of her brother-in-law and wanted to be alone - [ Luo Younuo] seemed to want to say something to you. You were afraid that he would be suspicious, so you said that you would go back and boil hot water for your mother to wash your hair, and asked [Luo Younuo] to take you back to the door of "Ruan's House"...you After entering "Ruan's House", he first went to the kitchen to boil water, then went upstairs, went back to the "sister's room" and closed the door, looking at his sister's body.
At about 20:00, you saw your mother outside the window, rowing the boat to the north side of "Ruan's House" as planned. Because it was getting late, she lit the oil lamp on the boat, and then tied the boat to a short tree on the shore. You tied one end of the rope to the bed leg as usual, tied your sister's body and put it outside the window. After your mother took it, she took off her clothes and shoes and put it on the body, and put the bottle of sleeping pills, the body and the hat on the boat. , then untie the rope and let the fishing boat float down the river. Then your mother, wearing underwear and bare feet, grabbed the rope and climbed into your house. You then untied the rope and threw it under the bed. Mother still wants to wash her hair, so you go downstairs to the kitchen, carry the hot water you boiled before into the bathroom in the "wife's room", and pour it into a wooden basin placed on the chair.
You see your mother lighting candles in the outhouse and putting her clothes and shoes on the shelf on the west side of the bathroom. As soon as your mother untied her hair, she heard someone knocking on the door. She immediately asked who it was? The people outside answered "Hei Li", and her mother asked her what happened. 【Hei Li】After a while, she came to return the things, and her mother asked her to put them on the table in the room...
You took advantage of the situation and hit your mother on the back of the head with a stool on the ground, killing her. Then you wet a piece of soap and placed it at the feet of the corpse. Then you poured some water from the basin and disguised the cause of death of the corpse as your mother's emergency. He went out to take a look, but unfortunately he slipped and hit his head on a stool and died.
You heard someone opening the bathroom door at this time and hid behind the door. You saw from the reflection of the window that the person who opened the door was [Hei Li], so you pretended to be scared after witnessing the accident and hid behind the door without coming out. You thought [Hei Li] will find you. Unexpectedly, she saw the body at the bathroom door, turned around and ran out.
You couldn't help but be happy, it was better if no one witnessed you at the scene, so you immediately left the "wife's room" and ran back to your own room.
After you returned to the "sister's room", before you could gather your composure, you saw [Luo Younuo] running in, and you were startled immediately - [Luo Younuo] came over to hug you after entering the room, and said he was too drunk. I missed you... I couldn't wait until your mother agreed... Before you could react, [Luo Younuo] said that he would pick you up and take you to his house in the "old way" later. I said something like "I miss you so much" and then ran out.
At about 21:00, you heard someone knocking on the door outside, so you walked out and saw your younger brother and [Hei Li] [Qi Gu Fei] [Luo Younuo] [Xue Yan] in the corridor on the second floor - [Qi Gu Fei] ]'s trouser legs and shoes were wet. He pulled [Luo Younuo] and said anxiously: "Zhaonan is dead!" After hearing this, [Hei Li] hurriedly walked to [Qi Gu Fei] and said to He whispered something.
You have disguised your mother's death as an accident and your sister's death as a suicide. You don't understand the English on the "will", but the "sister's suicide note" will mention leaving the inheritance to you - now you only need to pretend to be right. You didn't know anything about it (the Chinese suicide note was placed in the "sister's room", and you couldn't understand the "English document" you got by the lake, so you don't know now that you are going to inherit your sister's inheritance)...

