
story background
September 25, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
After the outbreak of World War I, the imperial powers were busy on the European battlefield, but they still did not forget to split China and absorb China! As the ancient capital of six dynasties, Nanjing has experienced the baptism of the war against Yuan Dynasty, and the "Ten Miles of Qinhuai" is still singing and dancing. In Anhui, across the river from Nanjing, there is a "Hao River" originating from the northern foot of Fengyang Mountain. "(not the river of the same name in Jiangsu), from south to north, to Linhuaiguan and into the Huaihe River. It was completed in the third year of Qianlong's reign in the Qing Dynasty (1738). It can pass ships of 3 to 5 tons in summer and autumn, but not in winter and spring. Navigable. After the Qing government stopped water transportation in the 27th year of Guangxu (1901), grain merchants still transported grain here by water.
Not long ago, in a "Lijia Village" along the river, a strange incident of "a water ghost getting married" spread
your story
Your full name is [Gu Chumeng]. You were born in the 18th year of Guangxu’s reign in the Qing Dynasty (1892). Your ancestors were originally from Guangdong. Your grandfather (Gu Zhiyu) moved to Zhejiang to do business when he was young. By the time you were born, the “Gu family” was already wealthy, and your father Gu Lianshan built a "Wangmeng Villa" on the bank of Taihu Lake as a new residence.
When you were 6 years old (1897), your father took you to Yangzhou to visit the "Mu family" where you had family friends. You met the eldest son of the "Mu family" [Mu Boxuan] - [Mu Boxuan] who was more than ten years older than you, and At the same time as you, he was born in a medical family, he was suave and bohemian - he later even took you to visit the "Ten Miles of Qinhuai" in Nanjing, board a painted orchid boat, and taste cakes served by beauties, which opened your eyes at a young age.
After returning from the Qinhuai River, [Mu Boxuan] and you were both scolded, but he didn't care. In order to educate you, your father sent you to "Gujiazhuang" in Jinan to learn martial arts. Three years later (1900), due to the rise of "Boxing Boxing", you were taken back to Jiangnan. Since then, you have been practicing spear and stick on your own in the villa.
At that time, my father would take his family back to Guangdong every year to worship their ancestors and meet the descendants of my grandfather's brothers. One of them is a famous chef in Guangzhou. His son is your clan brother, and you get along well with him.
Because your family was doing business, they had to deal with the government, so my father made friends with a tax official [Yang Shuixun] in Nanjing. When you were 15 years old (1906), your father sent you to the "Jiangnan College" in Nanjing to take preparatory courses, and you rented alone in a garden named Yang Shuixun. [Yang Shuixun] sometimes brings his daughter [Minxi] to see you - [Minxi] is 5 years younger than you and is the only daughter of [Yang Shuixun]. ​​She is very doted on by her father and usually calls you "Brother Gu". You are the only son in the family, and you have a younger sister (Rou'er) who is about the same age as [Minxi], so you treat [Minxi] as your younger sister and always make her happy.
Three years later (1909), you finished the preparatory course and entered the undergraduate program. [Minxi] entered a girls' school, and she still often came to you to ask for advice on study problems.
When you were 19 years old (1910), you were young and rich, so you had to go boating on the Qinhuai River. Thanks to the timely letter from your clan brother to remind you - your clan brother was no longer in Guangzhou at that time. He once wrote a letter to your home. Please accept it. After arriving, I wrote him a reply according to the address of the letter, and told him about the beauty of Jinling in the letter. The clan brother sent you a letter to Nanjing, scolding you for "not knowing how to hate the country's subjugation", and teaching you that the land of China is in trouble at this time. Men should have the ambition to save the nation and not waste their youth in a gentle country! Only then did you wake up, put your mind on your studies, and make up your mind to achieve something in the future.
In 1911, due to the Wuchang Uprising, "Jiangnan College" was closed. You returned to "Wangmeng Villa" just one year shy of graduation. After telling your parents about your life in Nanjing, you learned that your family had already arranged a marriage for you - It turns out that your father has made a "baby marriage" with the "Mu family" a long time ago, and betrothed the "Mu family's" youngest daughter [Xiting] to you, just waiting for her to marry when she becomes an adult.
In 1912, the world became the Republic of China, and Man's braids were cut off. You heard that your clan brother also participated in the uprising and entered Nanjing with the army, so you returned to Nanjing to meet him. Unfortunately, when you arrived in Nanjing, your clan brother was already in the army. , and not encountered. A comrade of your clan brother was wounded on the battlefield and stayed in the city. After hearing about your situation, he recommended you to join the newly established "provisional government" and take up a public office.
In June, you asked for leave to go to Yangzhou to welcome your bride, and you were very happy to see your wife [Xiting] - she is 5 years younger than you, the youngest daughter of the "Mu family" (with three brothers), she looks dignified and behaves politely.
In July, you and [Xiting] got married and moved to Nanjing. You rented a courtyard close to your work and let your wife and her maid [Xinger] live there. You also hired two maids to take care of you - at that time You have to go to the Yamen to work and handle official business every day, and you cannot get along with your newlywed wife day and night.
In August, Deqing County issued an official document asking for a replacement for the county magistrate, and you were selected by your superiors. After you returned home, you told your wife the good news. She immediately packed her bags with her maid and prepared to go to the post with you. At that time, the South had already negotiated with the interim president. (Yuan Shikai) The relationship was tense. Whenever there was a vacancy, both the north and the south would send people, and the person who came to the county first would usually take office. Because some people here are arguing about whether to compete with the North for positions, the official document has been delayed.
In late September, you got the official documents and brought your family to Deqing County. You met the "County Magistrate Mu" who had already arrived. Not only did he get there first, but he also used the words "Be late to enter the Yamen, neglect state affairs, and be inconsiderate to the people; come late to go to the office." County, despise the New Deal, despise the Republic" and scolded you.
You have no choice but to take your wife back to Nanjing and continue to hold your original position. This setback makes you deeply aware of the changeable situation, and you can't help but feel depressed... Fortunately, your wife is gentle and persuasive to you, and the little maid is also smart. Optimistically, in their company, you quickly cheer up.
Last year (1913), the south raised troops to attack Yuan. You sent your wife and [Xinger] back to "Wangmeng Villa" and were forced to stay at home by your parents. Later, the "challenge against Yuan's army" failed, and your department was reorganized. Because you were not in Nanjing and did not participate in the rebellion, you were still recruited by your superiors after the war. By this time, you and your clan brother had long lost contact, but you remembered his previous teachings. , knowing that people who hold public offices are more needed to contribute to people's livelihood, decided to become officials. Your parents at home advise you not to go back, and only your wife supports you. Your mother (Ms. Mei) is very angry about this - you don’t want to argue with your family, so you take your wife and [Xinger] back to Nanjing and join the newly established "Culture and Education Department" , as a "special commissioner" investigating illegal activities involving strange forces and chaos in various places.
You once met [Minxi] in the office building of the government office and heard that her father was transferred to a new department. After you told [Minxi] some about your current situation, you went to work.
After you returned to Nanjing this time, you worked even harder, and your wife also helped you a lot - you often drove a carriage with you on business trips, taking your wife and [Xinger] with you - [Xiting] is proficient in medical skills, and [Xinger] is smart and able to deal with any situation. You can discuss the situation with them... In order to protect your wife's safety when you go out, you gave her the "Mauser pistol" that the Yamen issued to you for self-defense.
This year (1914), on September 14, my mother brought my sister to see you. Because they didn’t know where you lived, they came to the workplace to look for you. After your mother saw you and heard that [Xiting] was still not pregnant, she seemed very disappointed and said that she would take a concubine for you. You quickly said that you were married less than three years ago. Years ago, I never thought of such a thing...
After hearing this, my mother became anxious and pointed out that "there are three types of unfilial piety, and having no offspring is the greatest". She also said that [Xiting] instigated you. It was because you felt sorry for your daughter-in-law that you delayed leaving and did not become a county official. As a result, she didn't let you live at home peacefully. Now that you can't have children, in order to "take care of the family", she should let you take a concubine... You heard your mother say more and more, and you were afraid of your colleagues in the office. Seeing the joke, I had no choice but to follow her wishes and say many nice things to appease my mother.
Your mother and sister left the work after asking for your address, but did not go to your home. After you returned home, you did not see them. You were worried that your mother would really go to take care of the concubine, but you could not mention it to your wife, so you talked to [Xiting] Talking about the current European War (you have been paying attention to this news since the outbreak of the war), you soon found that your wife was absent-minded - you asked [Xiting] what was on her mind? I heard that she received an invitation from a female classmate with whom she had a good relationship when she was in school. She wanted to take [Xinger] to her home and maybe stay there for a while.
You thought that your mother might come to the house at any time, and you were very worried that she would say those things about concubinage to your wife face to face, causing discord, so you immediately agreed to let your wife go, and told [Xinger] to take good care of your wife.
On September 15th, you went to Pukou, Nanjing to see your wife and [Xinger] on the train. Your worries soon came true. When you returned to your work, you saw your mother and sister waiting for you, and said they wanted to go to your house. OK At this time [Xiting] has left.
On September 20, you received an order from your superiors and were sent to "Lijia Village" along the "Hao River" in Anhui to investigate a strange incident of "water ghost marriage"... Your mother and sister heard that you had official business If you have to go on a business trip, you can only go back to "Wangmeng Villa" first, and you are relieved.
On September 22, you took the "official document" and took the "Jinpu Railway" train to Bengbu, then took a carriage to "Lijia Village". It was already evening when you arrived. You go to the village security chief and inquire, and the security chief calls two fishermen. Hearing from these two men, they said that they would go fishing in the river east of "Yangtou Mountain" in the south of the village on the twenty-eighth day of the seventh lunar month (September 17). At that time, they saw a female corpse floating in the water, wearing red clothes - both of them swore that they were not dazzled. The female corpse suddenly floated up from the water at that time!
After the fisherman fished out the female body, he brought it back to the village. When the security guard went to see it, he found that the female body's face was intact. He recognized her on the spot as the woman who had been captured by the "water ghost" before. The security chief quickly explained that the dead woman's name was [Caiya] , was married to "Lijia Village". Her husband was working outside, but in these years of war, he might have died outside... Later, [Caiya]'s widowed mother-in-law passed away, and she was the only one left in the family.
You asked the security chief why he said [Caiya] was a woman captured by a "water ghost"? While wiping his sweat, the warden said that during this year's "Hungry Ghost Festival", his wife saw with her own eyes that she was dressed in red and walking into the river by herself. His wife was frightened at the time. After running home, she said that this was a "water ghost". Charmed? The woman wearing red clothes and walking into the river by herself was seduced by the "water ghost" to get married!
You want to see the body, but the warden said that after the news spread, "good Samaritans" paid to buy a coffin and bury the body. After the local magistrate came to do an autopsy, he confirmed that it was drowning. After listening to the testimony of the warden's wife, , the case was closed as an accidental drowning - the villagers thought the body was evil, so they burned it together with the coffin...
You ask why corpses are evil? The security guard whispered that the body was not rotten when it was fished out, and it looked just like the one who had just died! You saw the warden's eyes wandering as he spoke, and you asked him who the "good Samaritan" who bought the coffin was? The security chief replied that he was a rice merchant [Zhang Fanghao] who lived in "Zhangdong Town" south of "Yangtou Mountain". This man was very conscientious in doing business and the goods sold in his shop were never adulterated or deceptive... ·He is also good at charity, and everyone calls him "Zhang Shanren". When [Caiya]'s mother-in-law passed away, it was "Zhang Shanren" who asked people to buy the coffin after hearing about it...
That night, you stayed at "Lijia Village". You felt that the security chief had something to say, but you couldn't find any clues to follow up, so you planned to go to "Zhangdong Town" to visit "Zhang Shanren" the next day.
On September 23, you walked along the river bank to "Zhangdong Town" and quickly found "Zhangzhuang". you to the janitor
Show the "official document", state your name, and say you are here to visit [Boss Zhang] and ask him to help you investigate a murder case.
After the gatekeeper went in to report, the person who came out claimed to be the housekeeper of "Zhangzhuang" [Uncle Yu]. After a brief exchange of greetings, [Uncle Yu] said that the master of the house went out to visit his teachers and friends and was not in "Zhangzhuang" now. Please wait a few days. God comes again.
After you left "Zhangzhuang", you went to stay in the town and found a "Fu Lai Inn". I heard it was the only inn in the town. When you registered for accommodation, you said you were "Gu from Nanjing", and the shopkeeper named "Room B" in the backyard. "(Double room) rented to you.
In the evening, you heard someone knocking on the door, so you got up and opened the door, and saw a veiled woman, colorfully dressed, holding a "mahogany box" in her hand. When the woman saw you opening the door, she took off her veil, revealing a look that I felt pity for. She has a beautiful appearance but a smile on her face - you were stunned for a moment before you thought of inviting her into the house, but you didn't dare to close the door.
After the woman entered the room, she sat directly on the bed and said that "Boss Zhang" sent her to serve the commissioner. The box contained a "small gift"... After the woman finished speaking, she lowered her head and opened her collar slightly, revealing Snow-white jade neck.
You wouldn't expect to see such a charming beauty in "Zhangdong Town". You can't help but move your eyes to her face. At this time, the sunset outside the window reflects on the woman's face, adding a hint of blush to her cheeks. .
You were about to say something excited to refuse, but suddenly you saw a hint of worry in the woman's eyes, which immediately alerted you, and you caught a glimpse of a figure passing by outside the window.
You calmed down, still smiling, but with a firm tone, and said to the woman: "Please tell Boss Zhang that I cannot bear this kindness. Please take back the beauty and gifts. As for the murder, I still need to meet you." Boss Zhang, please give me an explanation." You thought the woman would leave in shame or anger after hearing these words, but you didn't expect that she would stop smiling after thinking for a moment, and bowed deeply to you, with tears in her eyes and choked with sobs. He said quietly: "I am not actually sent by Boss Zhang. What I said just now was just to test the commissioner's character. Please forgive me..."
Just ask if you need help with anything? The woman wiped away her tears and said in a trembling voice: "I have a real grievance, but there are still unfinished business at the moment. I will come back to visit the commissioner within three days - there are many crises here. Please don't ask about me, and don't bring it to my attention." The news of my concubine's visit has been leaked - I hope the commissioner will still remember what he said back then, do me a favor and seek justice for the deceased." After that, the woman saluted again, then put on her veil and walked out from your side. , leaving only the lingering fragrance in the house...
Because the woman was emotional, she forgot to take the "mahogany box" with her when she left, so you hid it under the bed intact and prepared to hand it back when she came back. Although you had doubts about the matter, you still decided to believe her.
Yesterday (September 24), you waited all day in "Room B", but the woman did not come.
Today (September 25th), at dawn, the waiter wearing a headscarf brings you freshly brewed tea. Before you get up, ask him to put it on the table - the waiter will bring a pot of hot tea to the guests every morning when they get up. Tea, speaks with an accent that sounds like a local.
In the morning, the woman finally visited again. When you open the door, you see a woman in plain clothes, with no makeup on her face after taking off her veil. After the woman enters the house, she closes the door with her backhand, then takes out a folding fan, kneels on her knees, begging you to seek justice for her!
You ask the woman to get up and sit on a chair, pour her a cup of warm tea, and then take the "folding fan" and see that it is an old thing from many years ago...
In order to calm down, the woman drank the tea, as if she wanted to wait for you to read the folding fan before speaking. Just as you were about to open the folding fan, you saw the woman opening her mouth hard, but she couldn't breathe and began to twitch. When the woman struggled, she knocked over the teapot. , fell to the ground and broke into pieces. You hurriedly supported the woman and carried her to the bed. Seeing that she had difficulty breathing, you still tried your best to grab your left sleeve and said, "It's Zhang...in the water..."
Before the woman finished speaking, her eyes lost their luster... You watched the woman die in front of you, feeling regretful and painful in your heart, so you first put the "folding fan" into your luggage, walked out of "Room B", and observed your surroundings. , and saw no one else in the backyard.
You walked out of the backyard and came to the inn lobby and saw a middle-aged man wearing a six-piece hat. You noticed that his face was very ugly. When you were thinking about whether this man might be related to the woman's death, you suddenly heard a familiar voice. "Brother Gu", you looked up and saw [Minxi] and a young man walking out of the backyard... Then you saw your wife walking into the inn from the main entrance with a girl.
You can't let that woman die in vain, but after you calm down, you feel it's not appropriate to speak out about it immediately... You have to first understand the situation in "Zhangdong Town" by investigating the "Water Ghost Marriage" , and then think of ways to seek justice for the people who were killed!

next story
At about 10:00, everyone followed [Zhang Fanghao] to "Zhangzhuang". After entering the door, they saw [Yang Shuixun] in the front hall - [Yang Shuixun] came over to say hello when he saw [Zhang Fanghao], and [Zhang Fanghao] returned the favor. Finally, before saying anything, [Minxi] pulled [Yang Shuixun] away. [Zhang Fanghao] and [Lan Rui] whispered something, and then [Yang Shuixun] and [Zhang Fanghao] walked to the side of the front hall. [Lan Rui], [Minxi] and [Shen Wusheng] then left the front hall.
You want to ask your wife, who knows about medicine, whether the death of the woman before was due to poisoning, but there are servants from "Zhangzhuang" in the hall at this time, and it is inconvenient to ask - [Yang Shuixun] comes over and invites you to talk in the "North Room" in the front yard. Something important.
Your wife also walked into the front yard with you. When you saw [Yang Shuixun] walking into the "North Room", he said that he and his wife had some private matters to talk about. Please ask [Yang Shuixun] to wait a moment, and then he took his wife and walked to the "South Room". "In front of the room, I saw the door on the east side of the "South Room" was open, so I pushed the door open and went in - this was the kitchen, and there was no one else inside.
You immediately ask your wife, what kind of medicine can be put into the diet that is not easy to detect and does not require a high dosage, so that people can die quickly after taking it? The wife whispered that she knew there was such a medicine, and it was on [Xinger]... Are you asking where [Xinger] is? My wife said [Xinger] is in the inner courtyard...
At this time [Minxi] suddenly opened the door and came in, saying that her father was waiting for you in the "North Room" and asked you to hurry over - so you separated from your wife and went to the "North Room".
At about 10:30, you started talking to [Yang Shuixun] in the "North Room" - [Yang Shuixun] first reminisced with you, and you were polite to him as a junior, but after chatting for a while, [Yang Shuixun] So he changed the subject and said that the daughter of the "Mu family" is not worthy of you, and asked you if you can divorce your wife?
You thought it had nothing to do with [Yang Shuixun], but you didn’t expect him to threaten you, saying that he had your “handle”. If you didn’t divorce your wife, he would report the “matter” and make you miserable. !
You wouldn't have thought that an elder would say such a rogue thing, and you feel that you have never committed any serious violations except giving the pistol to your wife, so you rudely say that justice prevails, and you are not afraid of someone doing dirty tricks behind your back! After that, you and [Yang Shuixun] were not talking to each other, and the more you talked, the more stalemate they became.
At about 11:00, [Yang Shuixun] was so angry that he slapped the table and scolded you for being ignorant... You were about to turn around and go out when you saw [Minxi] pushing the door open and coming in. After [Minxi] entered the house, she put a plate of almonds, a bottle of wine and two cups on the table. Please don't argue with her father - you don't want to embarrass [Minxi], just for her sake, hold it in Angry, he poured [Yang Shuixun] and himself a glass of wine each, drank the wine in one gulp, and apologized to [Yang Shuixun]. [Yang Shuixun] then smiled, took the wine and took a sip. Then [Yang Shuixun] asked [Minxi] to go out first and said he wanted to chat with you for a while. After [Minxi] went out, [Yang Shuixun] said to you meaningfully while eating almonds and drinking wine: "My daughter has always been spoiled and has never cooked since she was a child. I didn't expect that today she would fry dried fruits for drinking. ...Sigh...this is all for..."
Before [Yang Shuixun] finished speaking, he suddenly grabbed his chest and opened his mouth hard, but couldn't breathe. Then he fell to the ground and started twitching. You hurriedly helped [Yang Shuixun] up. Seeing that he had difficulty breathing, he grabbed you with all his strength and said reluctantly: "Take care of Minxi..." Seeing this situation again, you were shocked and worried. He opened the door and called for someone, and his wife heard the sound and rushed over. She entered the house and tried to rescue [Yang Shuixun]. [Zhang Fanghao] [Shen Wusheng] [Minxi] also came in afterwards - when everyone was panicking, [Lan Rui] rushed in from outside, grabbed [Zhang Fanghao] and shouted: "My mother is dead, you killed her!"
[Zhang Fanghao] asked back: "What, Huan Ling is dead?" Then he grabbed [Lan Rui]'s hands and told her not to talk nonsense in front of outsiders!
[Xiting] stood up and told everyone that [Yang Shuixun] had died. The cause of death should be "cyanide poisoning"... When you were shocked, you noticed that there was a button missing from the left cuff of the tunic suit you were wearing.
