
September 25, 1914 (the third year of the Republic of China)
After the outbreak of World War I, the imperial powers were busy on the European battlefield, but they still did not forget to split China and absorb China! As the ancient capital of six dynasties, Nanjing has experienced the baptism of the war against Yuan Dynasty, and the "Ten Miles of Qinhuai" is still singing and dancing. "River" (not the river with the same name in Jiangsu), runs from south to north, reaches Linhuaiguan and enters the Huaihe River. It was completed in the third year of Qianlong's reign in the Qing Dynasty (1738). It can pass ships of 3 to 5 tons in summer and autumn, and can pass ships of 3 to 5 tons in winter and spring. Not navigable. After the Qing government stopped water transportation in the 27th year of Guangxu (1901), grain merchants still transported grain here by water.
Not long ago, in a "Lijia Village" along the river, a strange incident of "a water ghost getting married" spread
your story
Your full name is [Zhang Fanghao]. You were born in the 17th year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1877). You are a native of "Zhangdong Town" in Anhui Province. You followed your father (Zhang Datong) in the rice business of your own company in Lianghuai since you were a child.
When you were 18 years old (1894), your father's business went bankrupt and he committed suicide due to debt. All that was left of the "Zhangji Trading Company" that you took over was a broken signboard, a salt and rice shop, and more than a dozen creditors - the creditors came to your door every day to force your father to pay. He also threatened to sell your family's ancestral "Zhangzhuang" and drive you and your mother out to beg for food. You had no choice but to take risks and join the "Lianghuai Salt Gang" that sells private salt. The rice business was disguised as selling illegal salt along the river to make money to pay off debts.
A year later (1895), your mother passed away, but you had paid off the old debt. After the funeral, under the introduction of the master (Cao Zonglei), you began to make "friends" who worked in the government, including a Nanjing tax collector. [Yang Shuixun] from the yamen is also from Anhui, so you recognize him as your adopted brother.
Two years later (1897), you took an empty cargo ship after selling illicit salt and went to Nanjing to visit your sworn brother. You invited him to drink at "Ten Miles Qinhuai". You also took out your money and begged him to give you an exemption from inspection along the way. official documents.
[Yang Shuixun] After receiving the money, he readily agreed to have a drink with you. After drinking a few more drinks, you walked out of the cabin and looked towards the Qinhuai River. You saw the candles swaying on the adjacent painted boat, and a beautiful girl sitting in it. She is charming and charming, and you fall in love at first sight - after you send your adopted brother away, you inquire along the river and learn that the girl's stage name is "Sai Chenyu", she is 17 years old, and the people who want to get close to her have been lined up from "Xuanwu Lake" to "Purple Mountain" ·······
Although you fell in love with "Sai Chenyu", you had no chance. A few days later, you got the "official document of exemption from inspection", said goodbye to your sworn brother, and wanted to return to your hometown by boat. When you trafficked private salt, you always escorted your own cargo ship from the "Hao River" to Huaihe, and when you returned, you also took the waterway.
When you are preparing to set sail, a drunk man comes to your boat and asks you if this boat can carry passengers? You didn't want to talk nonsense with the drunk man, so you lowered your head and ignored him. At this time, a girl behind Man smiled and said that he didn't understand the rules and asked people if they could carry passengers without paying money... The girl's laughter was so beautiful that you couldn't help but raise your head and see her. It's the "Sai Chenyu" you think about day and night!
In a moment of excitement, you agreed to let the two of them board your boat and take them along the canal into the Huai River without inspection. When you asked "Sai Chenyu" where he was going, Man came over and said that he could sit wherever he wanted on the boat. Then I give you a piece of silver.
There is no selfishness on the boat at this time. You don’t have to worry about anything. You just want to take the opportunity to spend more time with "Sai Chenyu" - "Sai Chenyu" soon finds that your eyes are always on her, and when you want to talk to you, she always It makes you even more itchy and unsatisfied.
On the twenty-seventh day of the seventh lunar month, the cargo ship returned to "Zhangdong Town" and docked at the dock. "Sai Chenyu" was about to leave. You were very reluctant to leave, so you prepared a banquet and left two people to have a drink with you. While you were drinking, Seeing "Sai Chenyu"'s sad face, he felt pity for her and loved her even more. When Man was out of the cabin, he hugged "Sai Chenyu" drunk and said that he had fallen in love with her a long time ago... "Sai "Chenyu" did not resist, but burst into tears...
The man came back soon. When he saw this, he wanted to pull you away, but he was not as strong as you, so he rushed forward and started fighting with you. When he did, he was strangled to death by you!
After you committed the murder, you sobered up and felt terrified - according to the rules of the martial arts world, killing for sex is not only a violation of morality, but also an unforgivable death penalty in the salt gang... I didn't expect that "Sai Chenyu" would be killed at this time. Wiping away her tears, she bowed to you and said in a sad voice that she was grateful for your rescue. You hurriedly asked why, and heard "Sai Chenyu" say that her maiden name was "Yao" and her nickname was [Huan Ling], but because her father was in debt, she was sold to a painting boat. None of the men she met treated her sincerely. The man who killed Man bought her because of his wealth... Now, thanks to you, you killed her and saved her freedom!
After hearing this, you were overjoyed and went ashore at night without telling your men. You brought a piece of heavy iron and tied Man's body to it with a rope. Then you tied it around repeatedly and pushed it into the water. You watched it sink to the bottom of the river - without the body. Naturally, no one will pursue it. After that, you took [Huan Ling] back to "Zhangzhuang" - in the dead of night, you couldn't help but break into [Huan Ling]'s room, crawled onto the bed and slept with her, finally fulfilling your long-cherished wish...
The next day, [Huan Ling] wanted to say goodbye and return to her hometown, but you were unwilling to do so, so you begged her to stay. From then on, [Huan Ling] would have fun with you every night at your home... Deeply in love with [Huan Ling], he didn’t care about her past. He set up a wedding hall at home, married her, and told the public that your father had arranged a marriage for you before he was alive.
In the next year (1897), [Huan Ling], who was ten months pregnant, gave birth to a girl for you. You named your daughter [Lan Rui]. You were a little regretful that she was not a son, but thinking that she could have another baby in the future, you didn't care. In the sixth month of the lunar calendar, you still went out to sell salt, but unexpectedly [Huan Ling] never got pregnant again.
More than ten years later (1909), [Huan Ling] said that she wanted her daughter to go to a big city to study, but she was worried about the expensive tuition. You laughed and said that this was not a problem - you had made a fortune selling salt in the rivers and lakes these years. The purpose of money is to allow your wife and children to live a good life - no matter how expensive the tuition is, can it still be more expensive than the profits you make from selling private salt?
At this time, you thought of your adopted brother in Nanjing - it turns out that in the past few years, you have visited [Yang Shuixun] every year, and you know that he only has one daughter, named [Minxi], who is 1 year older than [Lan Rui], and you have been pestering him. [Yang Shuixun] sent her to school - [Yang Shuixun] doted on his daughter in everything, so he sent [Minxi] to a girls' school.
You take [Lan Rui] by boat to Nanjing, take the money to the "Yang Family", and ask your sworn brother to help send your daughter to school and take care of it - [Yang Shuixun] accepts the money and says that we are sworn brothers. Little things don't matter, he is also worried that his daughter will be bullied if she goes to school alone, so everyone is happy to have [Lan Rui] to study with her... After that, you invite your sworn brother for a drink and ask him to buy you a self-defense weapon. If you have a pistol, your sworn brother will take out a "Mauser pistol" filled with 10 bullets and give it to you.
When you left Nanjing, you repeatedly told your daughter that it is better to be at home when you are away, especially around [Yang Shuixun]. ​​You must pay attention to everything. Even if you suffer any grievances, do not offend him...
When you returned to the boat, you realized that your eyes were wet, and you were thinking that whether it was [Huan Ling]’s idea or not, you would never let your daughter leave your side no matter what... Thinking of this, you looked forward to having a baby A son will inherit the "Zhang family" in the future... Since then, [Lan Rui] has been staying in Nanjing to study. You will visit her every year and see that her appearance becomes more and more like that of your wife back then.
In October 1911, the Wuchang Uprising broke out - you had already returned home from selling salt, so you stayed in "Zhangzhuang" with your wife. Although you missed your daughter, you did not dare to go to Nanjing because of the war.
In 1912, the world became the Republic of China, and the Man cut off his braids. You dared not go out to sell salt for a while, so you packed the goods in sacks and disguised them as rice, and then stored them in the "Salt and Rice Warehouse" (warehouse) in Beiyuan. Later, the situation settled down. , you discussed with your wife that you wanted to take your daughter home - your wife was also worried about her daughter's safety, so she agreed.
You come to Nanjing, find your sworn brother, and hear him say that business will not be easy in the future - you don't care, thinking that the people can live without an emperor, but they can't live without salt! After some pleasantries, [Yang Shuixun] told you that [Lan Rui] was no longer at his house, and you quickly asked about your daughter's whereabouts. [Yang Shuixun]’s daughter [Minxi] told you that school was closed last year. She and her father went back to their hometown to avoid trouble. [Lan Rui] was taken to her home by a female classmate named [Xiting]... You asked where [Xiting]'s home was, and felt a little relieved when you learned that it was the "Mu family" in Yangzhou, not far from Nanjing.
The next day, you rushed to Yangzhou and found the "Mu family" who had been practicing medicine for generations, and finally met your daughter. You took out 100 taels of silver and gave it to the "Mu family" to express your gratitude, but [Xiting] asked [Lan Rui] to take it with him. Return the money to you, saying that she and [Lan Rui] are good friends and it is only natural to help each other, so they cannot take your money.
You are eager to take your daughter home, and find that she didn't talk much to you on the way back - you know that you didn't come to see your daughter last year, leaving her alone, and you feel very sorry, but you can't think of what to say to comfort her.
When you returned to "Zhangzhuang", your wife was very excited after seeing her daughter and couldn't help crying. In your impression, your wife usually smiles and smiles. This is the first time after marriage that you see her crying so hard... ····
At this time, you are still running the salt and rice shop left by your ancestors in "Zhangdong Town" - because you sell private salt, the salt in the shop is cheaper and finer than elsewhere, and the rice you sell has also changed. There is no adulteration, and the price is honest. People in the town praise you for your conscience in doing business - you hope that this "conscience" will help you ask God to give you a son. People from "Lijia Village" in the north of the town sometimes come here to buy salt and rice. You seek children for your good deeds and treat them equally. Not only that, you also donate money to the town every year, help orphans in need, and earn money. To a "Zhang Shanren" reputation.
Last year (1913), because the "War against Yuan" broke out outside, you did not go out and concentrated on running the salt and rice shop in "Zhangdong Town". At the end of autumn, you were watching the clerk selling grain in the shop, and you saw a slim young woman coming in to buy something. The clerk teased her a few words, and the young woman blushed. You immediately scold the guys and tell them to behave. The young woman gives you a gift to thank you, and you forgive her on the spot by giving her money for shopping. When the young woman walked out of the shop, she looked back at you and smiled, which made your heart move, as if you were suddenly transported back to the time when you first met [Huan Ling] on the Qinhuai River more than ten years ago...
Autumn turns to winter in a blink of an eye. You see the young woman coming to buy things again, so you go over to talk to her. You hear the young woman say that she has been greatly favored by you a long time ago. It turns out that the young woman’s name is [Caiya], and her maiden name is "Wang". At the age of 20, after marrying into "Lijiacun", her husband went out to work, leaving her alone in the empty house... About half a year ago, [Caiya]'s mother-in-law passed away and she had no money to bury her. Thanks to you, "Zhang Shanren" "The coffin you paid for...you remember this good deed and feel that it is your fate with [Caiya].
From then on, [Caiya] often came to Yanmi Shop - you were already interested in [Caiya], and you allowed her to choose things in the shop, and you no longer took her money, and asked her to just ask if she needed anything. [Caiya] I also understand what you mean. After one trip, you took her to the cargo ship to spend the night. You didn’t want your wife to know about this, and you also had to care about your reputation in the world. In order to avoid being discovered that you were with a married woman. If it was relevant, they would rely on the fact that "Zhangdong Town" had always been peaceful and there was no cargo on the ship, so everyone watching the cargo ship went home.
This year (1914), you are going out on business and have people move about 90% of the sacks in the "Salt and Rice Storehouse" in the North Campus to cargo ships (the cargo on each cargo ship is fifty bags, each bag weighing one hundred Jin), leaving only about 10% for sale in the shop. After that, you took the fleet and sailed away from the dock. When you were approaching the Huaihe River, you learned that the "inspection exemption document" in your hand was previously cleared and has now expired. You were afraid of being found to have illegal salt on the ship, so you moved the cargo ship full of goods. Turn around and drive back to "Zhangdong Town".
On September 3rd, you plan to take gold to visit your sworn brother and other nobles, and apply for a new "inspection-free official document" - before departure, you go to the shop in the town to check the situation, and see [Caiya] coming to you.
You saw that [Caiya] looked bad, so you went to a secluded place with her. After careful questioning, you found out that she was pregnant - you had always been looking forward to having a son, and you couldn't help but feel happy after hearing this.
[Caiya] frowned, saying that she would soon be unable to hide it from the village, and asked you to find a way for her. You hadn’t figured out how to tell your wife, and were about to go out. When you looked up, you saw the clerk in the shop. Coming to you - just ask [Caiya] to go back first and say that you will pick her up tomorrow. Later, the clerk came to you and told you that the salt in the shop was almost sold out. You had something on your mind, so you casually arranged for the clerk to go to the warehouse in the north courtyard of "Zhangzhuang" to get it if it was out of stock...
On September 4th (Hungry Ghost Festival), you rowed a canoe alone to pick up [Caiya] downstream (you now have ten cargo ships, all of which are parked at the dock with their cargo, so you can only go out in a canoe). Before you went out, you arranged for the servant "Li Xiaoqi" who was in charge of the warehouse to go to the dock every day to guard the cargo ship. After that, you had to avoid others, so you rowed to the downstream to pick up [Caiya] a little late, and you saw [Caiya] wearing red. , regardless of being pregnant, walked into the river and wanted to commit suicide - you hurriedly rowed the boat over to rescue [Caiya] - [Caiya] got on the boat, bit your ear and said, if you, a heartless man, don't come to pick her up , she has no shame living in the village, why not take her unborn child to seek death as a "water ghost", so that you will think of her whenever you take a boat!
You broke out in a cold sweat and hurriedly sent [Caiya] back to the shore south of the "Zhangdong Town" pier. You promised her to discuss with your wife about taking her to your house when you come back. Then you took out the money and gave her [Caiya], let her rent a room in an inn in the town first (there is only one "Fu Lai Inn" in "Zhangdong Town"), buy whatever she needs, and never wrong herself and her children... After settling things in [Caiya], you rowed your boat back to the dock and started again with your confidant "Zhang Bailang" and others - you first went to Huainan to visit the master and heard that the "Beiyang Government" promulgated the "Salt Tax Regulations" , and we must also severely crack down on illegal salt trading.
On September 15th, you came to Nanjing - you went to visit [Yang Shuixun]. ​​In addition to asking him to apply for the exemption document, you also wanted to ask him to help you find a husband for your daughter [Lan Rui], preferably in the yamen. Worker - But you didn't see your step-brother at the "Yang family". I heard [Minxi] said that her father was away on official business.
You give [Minxi] the things you want to send to your adopted brother and ask her to hand it over, and prepare to visit again in a few days. You then stayed in Nanjing, and a few days later, you went to visit the "Yang Family" again. You only met servants and heard that [Yang Shuixun] has not come back yet - you have been missing the pregnant [Caiya] since you left "Zhangdong Town" ], and not knowing when my adopted brother would come back, I decided to go back and settle [Caiya]’s affairs first before coming back.
Because [Huan Ling] said that she was born in Nanjing, every time you come here, you will buy her some local specialty "sandwich duck" to take back to make your wife happy, and this time is no exception.
Today (September 25th), you returned to the "Zhangdong Town" pier by boat. You wanted to go to the inn to meet [Caiya] first, so you asked your confidant "Zhang Bailang" to send the "steamed duck" you bought for your wife to "Zhangzhuang" kitchen, notify the steward, and then return to the dock to inspect the cargo ship.
You see "Zhang Bailang" running towards "Zhangzhuang", so you get off the boat and walk into the town. You meet "Shopkeeper Wang" of the coffin shop. After a few words of greetings, you hear him praising you for paying to collect corpses for people in neighboring villages - you Wu Shui, thinking that his wife might have arranged it for you, he humbly asked who the person who died was? "Shopkeeper Wang" said he heard that it was a woman named [Caiya] from "Lijia Village"...
When you heard that the deceased was [Caiya], you felt as if you were struck by thunder and almost lost your balance - you remembered that you asked [Caiya] to stay at an inn in the town, so you immediately walked there.
You walked into the lobby of the inn and saw a handsome man walking out of the backyard of the inn, and quickly noticed you - then you heard a "Brother Gu" and looked up to see "Yang's niece" [Minxi] and a young man He also walked out of the backyard of the inn - you had seen this young man next to [Yang Shuixun].
You have experienced many turmoils in the world. Although the news of [Caiya]'s death almost made you lose control, you finally calmed down and began to think about what happened here after you left "Zhangdong Town"... At this moment, you saw your daughter [Lan Rui] and the young woman-looking [Xiting] walking into the inn together.

next story
At about 10:00, you brought others to "Zhangzhuang". After entering, you saw your step-brother [Yang Shuixun] in the front hall - [Yang Shuixun] came over to say hello when he saw you. After you returned the favor, he didn't have time. Whatever he said, [Minxi] pulled [Yang Shuixun] away.
You feel hungry at this time, so you whisper to your daughter that you haven't eaten anything since you came back, and ask her to go to the kitchen (located on the south side of the house) to tell "Uncle Li" who cooks the "steamed duck" you brought back. "Steam it, stir-fry two more vegetables, and then send them to the second floor of the "North Building". You and your wife will eat together (you and your wife live on the second floor of the "North Building" in the backyard, and the first floor is occupied by the servant "Li" who takes care of daily life. Sister-in-law, my daughter lived on the second floor of the "South Building" in the backyard after she came back).
After [Lan Rui] left, [Yang Shuixun] greeted you again and walked to the side of the front hall, whispering to you that he was here to save you this time, but he had some personal matters at the time and wanted to borrow a room with [Gu Chumeng】Speak... Just ask your sworn brother to go to the "North Room" and say that we can discuss things there.
Afterwards [Gu Chumeng] [Xiting] followed [Yang Shuixun] into the front yard, and you went to the north yard to check the "salt and rice warehouse" - at this time, 90% of the private salt was left on the cargo ship at the dock, packed in sacks , disguised as rice grains, ready to go at any time - although those sacks are afraid of water, you put them all under the awning on the boat (you turn back suddenly after departure, worried that someone in the town will become suspicious - than carrying them home from the dock The risk of possible exposure, you would rather leave all those private salts on the boat at the dock).
At this time, you see that there is no bag of salt in the "Yanmi Store", so you take the account and ask the servant. I heard that the price of salt has increased recently. Many people come to "Zhangdong Town" to buy salt at a low price. The clerk moved all the salt stored in the warehouse to the shop...
At about 10:30, you walked back to the "North Building" in the inner courtyard. If you didn't see your wife in the second-story room, you put the "Mauser Pistol" back in the drawer (the expired inspection exemption document was also in it) and sat down. rest.
At about 11:00, your wife still hasn’t returned to the house, and no one has brought food. You are hungry and impatient, so you walk out of the "North Tower" and see [Xiting] whispering to a little maid in the inner courtyard, and then The maid walked into the "South Tower".
You casually asked [Xiting] if he had seen [Lan Rui]? [Xiting] shook his head and said no.
You were a little uneasy and wanted to find your daughter. [Xiting] said she would go with you to find her - you walked into the "South Building" and still didn't see [Lan Rui]. [Xiting] then walked out of the backyard with you and saw [Minxi] and [Shen Wusheng] in the front yard. [Xiting] asked [Minxi] if she saw [Lan Rui]?
Before [Minxi] could answer, you saw [Gu Chumeng] coming out of the "North Room" to call someone. After hearing this, [Xiting] ran in, and you and [Shen Wusheng] and [Minxi] followed behind. Walking into the "North Room", I saw [Yang Shuixun] lying on the ground, eyes wide open, but his body was motionless... [Xiting] was trying to rescue him.
Just as you were about to go up to take a look, you saw [Lan Rui] rushing in from outside, grabbing you and shouting: "My mother is dead, you killed her!" You couldn't believe your ears, and said in silence: " What, Huan Ling is dead?"
You heard the news of the death of two of your own women one after another today, and you couldn't help but feel in a daze, so you forced yourself to calm down, grabbed your daughter's hands, and told her not to talk nonsense in front of outsiders!
[Xiting] stood up and told everyone that [Yang Shuixun] had died, and the cause of death should be "cyanide poisoning"... At this time, you noticed that the left cuff of the Chinese tunic suit worn by [Gu Chumeng] was missing a button.
