You claim to be a mature and stable man, but you also have an unknown past. You are a drama in the troupe, but you and the magician Gust a few years ago, as well as the current Publicity Rowling, but the thieves, soIn the name of the mobile theater, you have left your traces almost in each city. I thought I could live a wealthy life since then, but the situation changed. Five years ago, the Gust of your three boss was kept.Suddenly tell you and Rowling, he has already stored all the property that has been working hard for so many years into an insurance company (the company with a special safe -making box as a profitable means, not to sell that).Wash your hands. In order to prevent you from doing such a thing, now you have to grind your temperament. When he rest assured that you will no longer do a chicken dog stolen, he will naturally pay the money.Hidden tickets for the safe pickup box and the key to open the safe are hidden elsewhere. If you now kill Gust, then you can't get a penny.
You and Rowling can't understand why Gust do this at all, but you have no way to take him at all, you can only follow his meaning and continue to work in the troupe. In the past five years, you have also performed in all parts of the country. Howevermind.Gust has been guarding you and Rowling. Although the theater company is operating well on the surface, it is already on the edge of the collapse. If it is not for the key and the time ticket, there may be a duel between the three of you at any time, but because of because becauseWhen the time is pushing, you are beginning to become anxious. Now you want to swallow this money alone. Rowling will deal with you with you. Then you have to find a way to deal with Rowling, so you start to pursue Rowling, and you have a lot of chase.In the year, Rowling was not interested in you at all, but often had an unusual relationship with the stupid security Kevin in the group. She couldn't figure out how she would look like such a fool.
In the past five years, I have finally had a chance to break through today. Today, I will perform in this town as an example. Gust has called you and rowling as soon as possible, and told you that what you want is this little little time.In the town, but to complete today's performance, he still has to help him a little. He wants to propose to Ella today and needs to make some arrangements to help you and David. You promised Gust before the David opened, and emphasized that he emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized that he emphasized that he emphasizedRegarding the property, Gust also expressed his understanding.When you leave Gust's room with Rowling, what do you want to say to Rowling, but she stops you and told you to meet you at the stage at 12 noon to tell you something.
The entire magic process of Gust is like this. The bottom surface of the magic box and the stage corresponding to the magic box prepared for Gust can be opened and closer. When the performance starts, when the box is closed, the magician will then open the hidden door of the music, and then hide it.Below the stage, this secret space also connects behind the scenes to facilitate other performances.And Guster is going to take out the proposal ring today from the things you prepared below, and propose to Ella at the last moment. You don’t want him to be so good. Since he has told you the key and the period tickets are here, and you are here.Then he has no value, proposal?Ella does not want to marry Gust at all, so let's help Ella by the way.
You have to make some preparations now. You went to the GRIFF of the logistics. He is a drink, but he is still very capable. The days of the troupe are boring, but because you often drink together, the relationship is very good.However, after drinking too many times, the money he took out has attracted your attention. You have reason to suspect that it is Guster to deal with you and rowling. You want to ask him while he is drunk, but he alsoThere has never been a word of words.Today, you plan to explore Griff's tone first. You first asked him about gust, but he showed more direct more than you thought. "How do you want to deal with Gust and what do you want me to do?" This is even more heavierYour doubt about him, you tell him, you just want Guster to surrender what should belong to you. You have to destroy his performance. GRIFF directly said that he can destroy the dark door on the stage, so that the Gust can not be yet to haveWhen you are ready, you will fall directly into the space below the stage, and then you will leave after saying a few words of disappointment.
When the first six hours before the performance, you met after Rowling on the stage of the stage. You did not understand her morning behavior. "Since Gust is going to propose to Ella today, why should we help him and go directly to the key and go to the key and find the key andIsn't the time ticket? "" I have my own plans, but our goals are the same. "After a few words, you separated.
There are too many people you need to be guarded. You must be prepared. Guster has a habit. You will drink a special drink before the performance, which is prepared by you, but if he is poisoned, you are too easily suspected.So you have to use other methods, and at the same time, it is best to marry Rowling so that you can monopolize your property.There is always a pistol and a few bullets around you. The music on the stage will be the best cover for you to shoot. As for the shooting location, the best place is the secret of the behind the scenes.
Every hour before the performance, you prepared Gust's special drink and put it in his lounge. Next, you have been hiding behind the curtain not far away, and observe whether anyone comes at any time.
At the beginning of the performance, when Gust's assistant Ella was often locked in the box and sealed the iron chain, you looked at the Gust suddenly falling from the stage to the bottom, and there was a strange crisp, but you couldn't think about it, but you couldn't think about it.Through the sound of music on the stage, shoot directly to Gust, but due to high tension and about 8m of shooting distance, you can’t be sure of hitting Guster's key.Then, out of fear, you quickly leave, you have no time to deal with your guns (wearing gloves, there will be no fingerprints), there is no way to throw it into the room of Rowling, you have to abandon it in the trash can outside the field.Essence
Next, the audience exclaimed, and some people reported the police. You quickly responded to calm. Before the police controlled the play troupe, he calmed down his emotions.
Now, you can't let others discover what you do, and find the keys and tickets.


Character Relationships
Assistant Ella ——Lla is a good friend of Rowling and the object that Gust likes, but there is no big intersection with you, you just ask her to ask you to ask Rowling
Publicity Rowling ——Rowling is your former partner. In order to get Rowling's property, you pretend to pursue her, but after so many years, she will not have a cold to you, so your plan has failed.
The relationship between security Kevin -Kevin and Rowling is unusual, maybe it is his plugging. Rowling has no hook, your relationship with him is not good
Logistics Griff —— Griff is a wine ghost. You have a good personal relationship and often drink together, but you find that he is rich than you think, and he has something to do with that property?Is Guster found someone who is dealing with you and Rowling?

Your secret
You want to swallow the treasure, so your pursuit of rowling is fake. A long time ago, you have a murderous heart about Rowling and Gust