You joined the troupe very early, about four years ago. At that time, there were only three people in the troupe of magician Gust, Publicity Rowling, TheTrical Work David. Of course, in fact, your identity is not ordinary. You are an undercover police.A stolen gang many years ago was traced many years ago, but because of this gang's awareness of anti -investigation and strong mobility, I have not been able to capture it. I only know that it is a three -person group, and it is a cover of the mobile theater.It seems that the world has evaporated without leaving any evidence. You are incarnate undercover to trace this matter. You doubt that the three of Guster have been on, but there are rumors that these three people have parted ways.It's enough for them to use what they used in the second half of their lives, you are not reconciled, so you still choose to undercover.
But for so many years, they have not showed a crime at all, and you have begun to slack off. In order to disguise your identity, you pretend to be a wine ghost.Get, Guster also hates you talked many times in private, and there is a suspicion that you want to take your identity, but you cover it cleverly. It seems that everyone is concealing something, and it seems that your direction itself is wrong.
Speaking of this, you must introduce the entire magic process of the Gust. This is the bottom surface of the magic box and the stages of the magic box prepared for Gust.The cover opens the door, and then hides under the stage. This secret space is also connected to the scene to make other performances.There are inspection props in your work. Although there are generally no problems, it is also for just in case.
Today's performance is only in a small town, but the atmosphere is a bit serious. Gust deliberately told you to prepare the performance appliances the previous day. You remember something. Last time he drank with David, he was drunk, and he was always in the same time.Complaining to you the money that Gust owed him, he heard from his words that he was extremely dissatisfied with Guster. He should not remember to say to you himself.It happened that gust and Ella united to cheat you a lot of money. These money is prepared for the organization to facilitate your work, but many years of no results have reduced many of your consciousness.If you want to come back, you will definitely tear your face, and you may also expose yourself. You can only tolerate it and find an opportunity to find Ella for money alone.But this morning, David found you. He first asked you what you think of Guster. You immediately understand that he wants to start dealing with Gust. You simply take the initiative to attack "How do you wantWhat do you want me to do? "David was startled by your insteid question, but it was just a simple action response, and the emotions quickly recovered normal. He told you that he just wanted Guster to surrender it.Things, if he wants to destroy Gust's performance, you also directly stated that you can destroy the hidden door on the stage, so that the Gust can directly fall into the space below the stage when it is not ready. David nodded, and then saidAfter a few words, David left.
You thought about it, and then Gust came to you again. You are not sure if he saw David leave from your room. He took a photo directly and told you to go to him at night.You glanced at the photo, a very vague black and white photo. The date is six years ago. The content is that one person is prying the safe, and the back is like a security guard Kevin.You put up the photos, and you plan to finish what you say to David after lunch.
演出前三个小时，你来到没有人的剧场，装作检查道具的样子，开始破坏舞台上的暗门，难度不大，因为这个舞台是木制的，你只要简单破坏几个关节，保证The wooden board will not break directly, but the load -bearing ability will be greatly reduced, so you have made some hands and feet at the connection, but you see a figure behind you, you pretend to be calm, and then leave directly from the secret road under the dark door.
One and a half hours before the performance, you went to the Gust of Gust. He said that he would reveal Kevin's true face. Kevin was one of the thieves of the year, and it may be the leader.The treasures they stole can be returned to us. Before the words are finished, he took you to Kevin's room together. Kevin is not there, so you wait for a while, no one in the middle, when Kevin returns to the room,Obviously ate, Guster's hand was holding a plastic bag, which seemed to be a stack of paper. Kevin hadn't spoken yet. Gust first spoke, "Kevin, don't think I don't know how the purpose of your coming here, II also know that your relationship with some people is unusual, and you have been pretending to be stupid! Now we have found something on you, with your fingerprints on it. If we hand it over to the police, mayOh ... "Kevin's emotional fluctuations" What do you want? "You still spoke," Don't worry, if you are obedient, I will not give these things to the police, and I promise everyoneI can live a comfortable life together. "Then Gust left, and before you went out, you looked at Kevin.
You have already understood that your identity is also exposed. Guster must know that you are tracking this, but it is not clear whether you are a police officer.You have reason to kill Guster, but there is not much time left for you. You ca n’t go under the stage. It ’s easy to find it. You have to start from the magic box.The dark door is similar, but the magic box will be slightly larger than the dark door, so you install two spring blade at the bottom of the magic box to trigger through pressure.
After doing these things in a hurry, you think of asking Ella to return his own money. If Guster died, Ella could not resist at all.You pretend to go to Ella's room with drunk appearance, but she happened to be changing the performance suit. Under your questioning, she said that she would talk to you after the performance. You think about it. It doesn't matter anyway.
When the performance starts, everything is as usual. When Ella is always at the same time, Guster is locked into the box, sealed the iron chain, completed the usual performance action, and then open the box. Only GUST's body appears!His face was embarrassed, his expression was painful, and blood exuded from his neck and hands. The audience was stunned and soon reported to the police.
Immediately, everyone in your theater troupe was controlled, but now you have no way to prove that you are a police officer. You have to eliminate suspicion and try your best to catch Kevin.

Character Relationships
Assistant Ella ——Lla is Gust's assistant. You also know that Gust likes her, but you have been cheated by her a lot of money, you must find it
Thetrical work david -David has a better relationship with you. You know he has always liked Rowling but has been rejected. Maybe he knows more things in Guster, but he has never told you that he has never told you
Publicity Rowling ——Towling, you are not familiar with, she seems to have a close relationship with Kevin, is she also a thief?Who is there?
Kevin Kevin -Kevin is a person who has been pretending to be stupid. Guster has taken the evidence that he was the thief of the three -person group in that year.

Your secret
You are an undercover. In order to trace the three -person group that disappeared five years ago, there are finally some progress.
As a police officer, you have been cheated by Guster and Ella, which makes you embarrassed