Congratulations, you have become a security guard Kevin
You are the last one to join the theater, and you are responsible for security work. They all say that you are a bit dull. In fact, this is just what you installed.In the performance of the troupe in a big city, the assistant Ella discovered you in the wandering, and brought you back to the troupe, because you are relatively high and have some strength to make you responsible for security.In fact, you are arranged in the troupe. Rowling, who is promoting, is actually your sister, and your appearance is her plan.She also told you the reason.
Many years ago, your sister Rowling and the magician Gust, who is now in the troupe, and Thetrical Work David is a thief with a mobile theater. Gust is the boss. The three of them stole a lot of money, but five years ago, five years ago, they wereThey suddenly disappeared, and others thought they had closed, and the facts were indeed the case. Gust put all the money they stole into the insurance company, and hid the key to open the safe and the tickets used to pick up.Rowling and David are very dissatisfied with this incident, but they cannot do it directly with Gust, otherwise there is no way to know the whereabouts of the key and the time of the period.Key and period votes.
自从你进入了剧团，你和大部分人都比较混得开，除了David，你姐姐Rowling把你安排进来的事情并没有告诉David，而你发现David一直喜欢你姐姐，虽然他们合作很久了，但是Do you think he doesn't know your sister at all. The only thing your sister is interested in is money. Perhaps it gets their property before David has the opportunity to take it.Rowling often chats with you alone, and has been seen several times by David, so he has been waiting for you.Of course, the purpose of rowling is just to explain to you what to do next.What surprised you is that from the beginning of your joining the group, Gust has taken care of you very much, and if you have anything to do, you can talk to you and talk about it. If you are not sure, your sister is not deceiving you.Guster is trying to escape.
The entire magic process of Gust is like this. The bottom surface of the magic box and the stage corresponding to the magic box prepared for Gust can be opened and closer. When the performance starts, when the box is closed, the magician will then open the hidden door of the music, and then hide it.Below the stage, this secret space also connects behind the scenes to facilitate other performances.
Today's performance, Guster showed high attention. You were still strange why he was so formal until the six hours before the performance, Ella found you. It turned out that Gust wanted to propose to Ella, but Ella didn't don’tWilling to marry Gust, because they are nearly 20 years old.Ella hopes that you can help her destroy today's performance. You think of what Rowling is looking for you last night, "Gust will have action in the town of tomorrow's performance, and he is loose to me and David. This time, the key is likely to the key.The time ticket is on him. You must think of some ways and start as soon as possible. We have a few people who have enjoys the life of the rich people for five years.The town is located in the wasteland. You spend a little effort and find a poisonous snake, but it is not enough to die. It is installed with a small box for a magic performance and prepared some sulfur in the dark grid in the box. The sulfur sulfur is prepared.The taste will stimulate the snake. If you are an experienced magician, when you see the commonly performed props, you will be replaced by the magic box, and you will subconsciously open the dark grid to view it, so that you can anger the effect of the snake.Then before handing the box to Ella, you went to Rowling first. You heard the sound of David's debate with Rowling outside the Rowling door, but you did not hear the specific content.At the moment of the moment, obviously the anger in his heart was ignited again, and after a sip towards the ground fiercely, he scolded and left, and you randomly told Rowling what happened before.In the first three hours, you handed the box to Ella.
When you return to your temporary room, you find that Gust and GRIFF are waiting for you in your room. Guster's hand holding a plastic bag, which seems to be a stack of paper. You haven't spoken yet. GUSTI spoke first, "Kevin, don't think I don't know the purpose of your coming here, I also know that your relationship with some people is unusual, you have been pretending to be stupid! Now we have found something on youFingerprints, if we hand over to the police, maybe we can cracked a big case five years ago ... "You have no time to listen to what he said behind, you understand, his smart sister also again gust againIn the way, he clearly wants to throw you out as a scapegoat. As for those things, most of the troupe's transportation work is done by you. You do n’t know how you do n’t have to encounter it.But why is GRIFF here?"What do you want?" You still spoke. You know that you have no way to refute now.Gust has left a hand. You can't get evidence now, and there is no way to fight back."Don't worry, if you are obedient, I won't give these things to the police, and I promise that everyone can live a comfortable life together." Then Gust left, and Griff looked at you in a long look before going out.
You have no way to calm your mood. You must find a way to get rid of the Gust in advance. What key, the period votes have nothing to do with you. If you really become a scapegoat, then everything is over, oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yesYou can use poison for the snake you give Ella. As long as Gust is bitten by a snake, you can push poison to Ella!The only thing you worry about now is whether Ella really placed poisonous snakes.I ca n’t control so much. In the only hours left before the performance, you have refined in the room that you have a low purity cymbal toxin. Although the purity is not enough, it is enough to die, and it takes about an hour to die.While you are not there, you mix the toxin into a special drink that the usual David will prepare for Gust, but you have no way to stay here to watch Gust and drink it.The work cannot let others see anything.
Until the start of the performance, when you looked at the stage from the main entrance of the theater, Gust's expression was a little painful, but he still insisted on performing. When Gust's assistant Ella, Gust is often locked into the box, sealed the iron chain, and usually did it after finishing the end.Performance action, then open the box, only the body of Gust!His face was embarrassed, his expression was painful, and blood exuded from his neck and hands. The audience was stunned and soon reported to the police.
The people of the troupe are controlled, and you must get rid of the suspicion and try your best to leave here.Fortunately, Gust is dead, you should look for the key and time tickets, maybe there can be other discoveries.


Character Relationships
Assistant Ella -she brought you into the troupe. Although it was arranged in advance, you don't need to obey her. She wants to destroy Gust's performance, so you have found a poisonous snake for her, which is not toxic.Can be paralyzed and bitten
Publicity Rowling —— Rowling is your sister and a member of the thief. What you do is to a large extent
Thetrical work david -David likes your sister Rowling, but he does not know the relationship between you and her
Logistics Griff —— GRIFF and David are treated with you cold face, and it seems that there are any secrets hidden,

Your secret
You and rowling are siblings, and all you do is all she arranged for her
You are also married by Gust, but you can’t say it, you are afraid of being retaliated