As the name suggests, you are the employees responsible for the propaganda work of the troupe, so you usually walk more outside, but it is not difficult for you to control these tasks. A few years ago, you and the magician gust, as well as the current TheTrical Work David, But the thieves, in the name of a mobile theater, leave your traces almost in each city. I thought it could live a wealthy life since then, but the situation changed. Five years ago, the gust of your three boss,Usually the property is kept by him, and suddenly tells you and David. He has already deposited all the property that has been working hard for so many years into an insurance company (the company with a special safe to rent and sells as a profitable means, not to sell that).Take it again, now he wants to wash his hands in the golden basin. In order to prevent you from doing such a thing, now you have to grind your temperament. When he rest assured that you will not do a chicken dog stolen, he will naturally pay the moneyWhen you come out, everyone divides the division, and you have hidden the tickets for the safe pick -up and the key to open the safe. If you kill Gust now, then you can't get a penny.
You and David can't understand why Gaming do this at all, but you have no way to take him, you can only follow his intentions and continue to work in the troupe.Before the performance, when you accidentally made a propaganda in this city, you saw that his younger brother Kevin, who hadn't seen him for a long time, was a little down, so you recognized him and told him about your previous things. He was veryHappy to help you, you tell him your plan and tell him to decorate a little stupid.Next, you successfully arranged an assistant Ella, also your good friend, discovered Kevin, and asked her to bring Kevin back to the troupe. Kevin successfully mixed into the troupe and made a security guard. Gust seemed to appreciate him very much.He chats together, and he often reports the situation to you, but there is no progress.By the way, David has been like you for a long time, but you don't have a cold to him. To this end, he also begged Ella to explore your tone. Regardless of your positive response, there is only the part of the property you deserve in your eyes.What you did not expect is that because Kevin often enters and out of your room to communicate with you, but it has been seen several times by David, so David has never been to see Kevin.
Because of mental stress, you have suffered from insomnia since then, so you will carry sleeping pills with you.
In the past five years, I have finally had a chance to break through today. Today, I will perform in this town as an example. Gust has called you and David to him early in the morning and told you that what you want is in this little youngest.In the town, but to complete today's performance, he still has to help him a little. He wants to propose to Ella today and needs to make some arrangements to help you and David. You promised Gust before the David opened, and emphasized that he emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized it and emphasized that he emphasized that he emphasized that he emphasizedRegarding the property, Gust also expressed his understanding.When you and David leave Gust's room, David wants to tell you something, but you stop him and tell him to meet him at the stage at 12 noon to tell him something.
The entire magic process of Gust is like this. The bottom surface of the magic box and the stage corresponding to the magic box prepared for Gust can be opened and closer. When the performance starts, when the box is closed, the magician will then open the hidden door of the music, and then hide it.Below the stage, this secret space also connects behind the scenes to facilitate other performances.And Guster is going to take out the proposal ring today from the things you prepared below, and propose to Ella at the last moment. You don’t want him to be so good. Since he has told you the key and the period tickets are here, and you are here.Then he has no value, proposal?Ella does not want to marry Gust at all. Perhaps dying on the stage is also a liberation for him.
You have to make a little preparation. Fortunately, you have a convenient position. You have prepared some "special things". You spent a few hours to make a trigger mechanism.Can shoot out the special bullets you prepared, without gunpowder, but the power is fatal enough. The other end is a device similar to a pressure -like sensing, which can cause fine rope to move and trigger the trigger.Go to install.
Six hours before the performance, you go to the appointment with David first. You met after the curtain on the stage. She did not understand your morning behavior. "Since Guster is going to propose to Ella today, why should we help him,Isn't it okay to find the key and the time ticket directly? "" I have my own plans, but our goals are the same. "The next is just some simple arguments, but you have not told you what you want to kill GusterDavid.
After another two hours, Kevin found you and told you that Ella wanted to destroy Guster's performance, and said that he had prepared a poisonous snake to let Ella itself arrange it. After you expressed their understanding, let KEVIN leave awayOf course, your original plan remains unchanged.
One hour before the start of the show, when various activities were almost entered the final preparation stage, you have to install your organ. You see that gust drinks a special drink for him in the lounge, while the audience has not entered the audience yet to enterThe field, you came from the behind -the -scenes road to the stage, and simply calculated the falling point of the GUST, and began to arrange your institution. It is more embarrassing that your organs have no way to hit the key to 100 %, but you have already beenI ca n’t turn back. After the arrangement is arranged, you return to the original road and wait for the result.
After the performance starts, when Gust's assistant Ella is often locked into the box, seal the iron chain, finish the active performance, and then open the box. Only GUST's corpse appears!His face was embarrassed, his expression was painful, and blood exuded from his neck and hands. The audience was stunned and soon reported to the police.
The people of the troupe are controlled. Now you must find a way to wash off the suspicion and find the keys and tickets.

Character Relationships
Assistant Ella -your best friend in the troupe, but she doesn't know what you used to be, Guster liked her, and today Gust planned to propose to her, but she has never liked Gust's entanglement to her
Thetrical Work David -David is your previous theft partner, always likes you, but you have no good opinion of him, you are only interested in money
Logistics Griff —— GRIFF is a background. You have investigated him, but found that the information about him was deleted
Kevin Kevin -Kevin is your brother, and his joining is also instructed by you. Your original intention is to let him get close to gust and have the opportunity to start. Guster has always maintained alert to you and David.

Your secret
You instructed Kevin to get close to Gust, and you don't want to split property with David.