Caotng Jushi (Lay Buddhist Practitioner)
Personal story prelude
(You are a layman who traces outside, not a Taoist priest. Here is everything you experienced before.)
You have been adopted by Fangfu in Liangshui County since he was a child and named fang zhu.There is a piece of jade that has been brought from birth.Because it is not a Fangfu person, it is often crowded out by other people in the government.Mrs. Fangfang gave birth to a son and two daughters, of which the eldest son fang Ye and the little girl fang mian were very harsh on you and embarrassed you everywhere.The most excessive is Fang Mian. I often put some dirt bugs in your meals, and even once closed you into a small black house for one day and one night.The eldest daughter fang xu is very friendly to you. After being closed into the small black room, fang xu releases you, and often bring you some delicious food.Gradually you have a good opinion of Fang XU, and Fang XU is also the only person in Fangfu who has a good relationship with you.
Every night, you often see Lang Zhong come to Fangfu and enter the room of fang xu.Then there was screaming in the room, and then there was no sound.You are very concerned about Fang XU and find her the next day and ask her why there are Langzhong entering her room every night.Fang XU said she had a strange disease. She could see something unclean every night, sometimes she could see crying children, and sometimes she could see floating women.Fang XU cried in fear. In order to comfort Fang XU, you gave her the jade on the neck.Fang XU looked at Yu carefully, as if I liked it very much, and smiled happily.Strangely, since Fang XU has been with jade, there has never been something before.
In a blink of an eye, you and fang xu have grown up, and Fang XU has become your best confidant.I often go shopping together and complain about the unhappy things to the stars together.Slowly, you fall in love with her, you seem to be a natural pair of heavenly arrangements.But Fang Mian, who has been squeezing you, knows you and fang xu.Once she stole the jade of Fang XU, that night, fang XU recurred again, screamed crazy in the room, and the people in Fangfu were frightened.After you learned, you quietly went to Fang Mian's room to find the jade and gave fang xu again.The stimulating Fang XU curled up in your arms and wept. You lowered your head, and your lips slowly approached Fang Xu's forehead.Fang Xu looked at you at this time and saw love from her eyes.That night, you have the skin of your skin.
But it didn't take long for a bad news to pass in your ear, Mrs. Fangfang had decided to marry Fang XU to Li Qinren, Lifu, Fengze County.You are very unwilling to make a noise in Fangfu, and informed that Mrs. Fangfang had a husband and wife with fang xu.But still failed to say that Madam Fang, and even Madam fang drove you out of Fangfu for Fangfu's image.You secretly came to Fang XU's room window, and whispered whether she was willing to elope with you and leave Fangfu.But there is no promise in the room. After you ask again, you still have no response. You are heartbroken and you can only leave Fangfu.
The days of wandering are very difficult. You think that Fang XU has married Lifu in Fengze County.You believe the fang xu at this time should still love you.So I came to Fengze County on foot. You touched Li Fu in the southernmost side of Fengze County, but at this time you were northern.You walk south, walking, you are hungry at the gate of Chenfu.
When you opened your eyes, a middle -aged old man stood beside him and shouted: "Prince Er Yiya, you wake up." You looked at him, he continued: "Prince, I finally find youAfter more than a decade, I have grieved you. "What do you mean by what you said, and then he told you all the things that have passed over the years.
It turns out that your name is Er Yisi Bada, the prince of the ancient Kingdom.His name was Chen Zijing. The war more than a decade ago has extinct the ancient Kim, and the prince who was born shortly when he was born was also unknown.In order to find the prince, Master Chen came to Fengze County to find out the news as a businessman. After more than ten years, it has passed and has been disclosed.After Master Chen told you he will help you resume your country.And it has been received from the rivers and lakes that Fangfu had led hundreds of thousands of troops to fight the ancient Kingdoms, and the strange treasures of the ancient Kingdoms were captured by Fangfu.So Master Chen suggested that you arrange the assassin to recapture Fangfu to recapture our wealth before making plans. You did not express your opinions, because you think Fangfu destroyed your feelings and dismantled you and fang xu.Seeds of revenge.
The next day, you set off back to Liangshui County again, but when you arrived at Fangfu, you found that Fangfu had been destroyed!At this time, a girl sat in front of Fangfu's door and cried, and there was a knife injury on her face.You picked up the girl and found that the daughter of Fang Xu's brother Fang YE, then brought it back to Chen Mansion.
Back to Fengze County, Master Chen gave you a mystery. The above is the martial arts of the ancients and the unique Yirong techniques of the ancient Kingdom of Jin. I also asked why the jade on you was gone.Fang XU in the house.When you think of Feng Ze County, you have n’t seen Fang XU for so long, and wrote a letter to Lifu Fang XU through the relationship between Chen House.Soon fang xu should make an appointment with you. Looking at fang xu, Fang XU is also very excited, but there is no excessive physical contact because of the impact.It ’s just that fang xu informed you that when you marry Li Fu, you have already had your flesh, and gave birth to the two sons named Li Zhong and Li Yan, respectively.However, the second son Li Yan was weak and sick, and he couldn't heal Langzhong.You then sought the help of Chen Mansion and asked if they could find some divine doctors to come and treat it, but Master Chen told you that there is a strange disease in the royal family of the ancient Kingdom of Jin, which needs to be alleviated by drinking the blood of his mother every month.Restores have to find opportunities to study.You informed Fang XU, and fang xu was really fulfilled after trying it. At this moment you are more confident that Li Zhong and Li Yan are your flesh.
You see Fang Ye's daughter are really distressing, and she accepted her as a adopted daughter and named Xiao Qian.He will also teach her Yi Rongshu to hide the scar on her face.After that, you spend money to use some news from rivers and lakes. You can learn that the blood jade is extraordinary, and you can practice the technique of life.
Half a year later, Master Chen's wife also gave birth to a girl, a girl.But Mrs. Chen died after she gave birth to a girl. You named the girl Chen Qian.After that, Xiao Qian also had a sister with Chen Qian, and there was no guess.But in fact, your real purpose of adopting Xiao Qian is to resume the country, hoping to use it one day.
In the blink of an eye, more than ten years have passed. During this period, you have maintained a letter with Fang XU, and his feelings remain.At this time, Master Chen told you that Li Qinren of Li Fu held all the local military power, planned to take the military power in his hand, and then rebuild his troops to rebuild the ancient country.There is also a thought in your heart. Whether you can secretly remove Li Qinren can not only report the hatred of his wife, but also master the power of military power, and then replace it with the appearance of Yi Rongyi Yirong as Li Qinren.
You discussed the plan with Master Chen. At this time, Master Chen also proposed that Li Fu had two sons to marry Chen Nu to Lifu, and then all plans could be well implemented.You have no opinion, so you agree.Later, Master Chen went to Li Fu to say that he was a dear, and finally successfully talked about the family affairs, and held a wedding together next month.You inform Xiao Qian to make him pretend to be a dowry to protect the safety of Chen Qian.
Acting Shou Banquet and Wedding Banquet
It is very lively in Fengze County, Li Fu Shuangxi is here!
Li Qinren's 60th birthday and his eldest son Li ZHONG and Chen Qian are held at the same time!
Master Chen sent eighteen dowry and one of Shouli!
Guests came to the lobby. At this time, the groom and bride began to worship the world:
Worship heaven and earth!
Worship Gaotang!
Husband and wife worship!
Send into the cave ...
After the groom and bride left, you noticed that Li Fu was drinking with other guests, so you filled two glasses of wine and put some poison in one of them. The poison is a dark brown liquid, which will make people's heart slowly.The failure of the failure, the time limit is about the fragrance.Then you took the wine glass and replaced the owner's wine glass.You go to the back hall and take out the prepared main clothes of the Li Fu. At that time, you only need to bury the body of the Lord of the Li Fu to pretend to be pretending to be the master of the Lifu, and order the local military power.
After a pillar of incense, you look for the body of the Lord Li, but you haven't found it.The crowd gathered again in the lobby, and you found that the dowry Xiao Qian was helping the Lord of Li Fu in the lobby.The crowd began to worship the Lord Li:
I wish Li Wangye (Lord Li) blessing as the East China Sea, Shoubi Nanshan!
When everyone just saluted, they suddenly saw the head of Li Fu's head rolling down!There is still a note on the skull: Do n’t you like high?This time let you taste the feeling of being stepped on.