Chen Qian
Personal story prelude
Your real name is Chen Qian, a person from Fengze County, Chenfu Chen Zijing.Your mother Madam Chen or Chen Family died due to fertility accidents.You have never seen your mother Madam Chen or Chen Family, all of which just listen to your ink or your subordinates, and your father Chen Zijing closed his mouth without mentioning this.There is also a girl in the house, in addition to you, a girl adopted by Caotng Jushi (Lay Buddhist Practitioner), named Xiao Qian.She grew up together, but she had a deep scar on her face, which severely damaged her original beauty.
When you were ten years old, a matchmaker came to the door to make a concubine for your father, but your father was extremely angry and blasted the matchmaker out of Chen House.This incident was spread in Fengze County. In the future, no matchmaker or any girl is willing to come to Chen House to say kiss.
After a few years, the Chenfu family business began to go downhill, darker day by day.Your father Chen Zijing has kept himself in the study for several days in a row without eating or drinking.You feel distressed by your father's body and take the initiative to send the food to the study.After opening the study door, you see that your father is still thinking, and it seems that you have not noticed your arrival.You call your father to eat, your father Chen Zijing looked at you, and suddenly asked strangely: "Xiao Qian, how much is this year?" You stunned, "Father, you see you are always confused. This year, this year has already been.17 are more than 17. "The answer:" Yeah, it's always confused, and you should find a mother -in -law for you. "Your father said himself.
You are shyly without talking, because you also know that your father is for you.At this time, my father also said: "There are two sons in Li Mansion in the south of Fengze County. His eldest son Li Zhong has entered Beijing this year to rush to take the test. On the background, he can be regarded as a household." You have also heard of the two of Li Fu.Son, a talented person, a chic.
The next day, your father personally invited Li Qinren, the owner of Li Fu to discuss the marriage marriage. Although you have not seen Li Zhong, the eldest son of Li Fu, he learned from his father Li Qinren.Also proficient in poetry.I am also interested in such a talented person.
A group of bandits encountered a group of bandits with Xiao Qian on an outskirts.At that time, the situation was very dangerous. When you didn't know what to do with Xiao Qian, a scholar -temperament man shouted the gangsters.Immediately, the gangsters surrounded the scholar and snatched the silver on his body and left.The man claimed to be Lifu, Fengze County, and then he returned you safely back.When you returned to the house, he slowed down. It turned out that he was rescued by the people of Li Fu.
In 718 AD, you learned from your father that Li Zhong, the eldest son of Li Fu, rushed back today, so you came to the county's head and want to see if his appearance satisfies your expectations.Soon, you see a party in the county's head in the county, a familiar man attracted you -a tall and elegant figure, the clothes are ice -blue, embroidered with elegant ones, embroidered with elegant onesBamboo leaf pattern, with the sheep fat and jade hair buns on his head, complement each other.At this time, he also noticed you. You smiled a little shyly at him. He seemed to be attracted by you. His smile was a bit romantic, and his chin was slightly lifted.Light.
You return to the house and think about everything about him in the room.He was so charming and talented.Gradually, you are full of expectations for him.
In the evening, the owner of Li Fu brought his eldest son Li Zhong to Chen Mansion, and you saw him again.Although he changed a set of costumes, the charm revealed in the eyebrows was all exciting.You fell in love with him, you are opposite to each other, passing each other's affectionate eyes, and strong love makes you forget the time.
After the father and son of Li Fu left, you are unable to sleep all night.The taste of love for the first time is so sweet.You sit up, take out the pen and paper, and plan to write a letter to Li Zhong to express your love for him.At this moment, the door was knocked, and a letter sent a letter.You opened the letter, and it turned out to be a letter written to you from Li Zhong, a big son of Li Fu.The letter wrote that Li Zhong fell in love with you at first sight, hoping to associate with you.You are very happy, and even a little moved with a letter. It turns out that love can be so happy.You continue to complete your letter and instructed the subordinates to send the letter to the Grandpa Li.
The next day, you received a letter from Li ZHONG again. He wanted to invite you to watch the moon to enjoy the moon at Wangyue Tower tomorrow night.
Late the next night, you came to Wangyuelou. At this time, Li Zhong just arrived. He pulled your hand and held it tightly.Watching a round of moonlight in the night sky, so white:
The quiet night is like water, the heart is as clear as the moon, and the love is better than Jin Jian.
Love you has been unchanged.
In the early spring of 718 AD, the father and son of Li Fu came to Chenfu to mention his relatives and scheduled to be at the gate of Chenfu at the same time with Li Qinren's life banquet next month.When you said goodbye to Li Zhong, he secretly kissed his cheeks.
Acting Shou Banquet and Wedding Banquet
In 718 AD, Fengze County was very lively.
Li Qinren's 60th birthday with Li Qinren and his eldest son Li Zhong and Chen Fu Qianjin chen Qian wedding wedding!
Guests have entered the table, of which Chenfu's family Chen Zijing sent eighteen dowry and one of Shouli.
Li ZHONG walks with you to the lobby with red silk. At this time, Xiao Qian helps you go to the center of the auditorium. Li Qinren, Madam Li or Li Family and Chen's housekeeper Chen Zijing Sitting Gao Gong Hall, the groom and bride worship the heaven and earth.The
Worship heaven and earth!
Worship Gaotang!
Husband and wife worship!
Send into the cave ...
After worshiping the auditorium, the guests returned to the banquet of the courtyard.
Xiao Qian returned you back to the wedding room. You sitting beside the bed and found that Xiao Qian looked a little nervous.At this time, the door was pushed away, and Li Fu's main force Wangye (Prince or Lord) came in, and he ordered Xiao Qian to step down.Walking down at you, I poured you on the bed for a moment, and then Li Wangye (Lord Li) insulted you.Li Zhong came in time and pushed away Li Wangye (Lord Li), greeting whether you had something to do, you couldn't say anything.And when li zhong and Wangye (Prince or Lord) suddenly hit, when li zhong was held around by Wangye (Prince or Lord), you did not hesitate to hold wangye (PrinceORORD )'s neck, at this time Li Zhong knocked it to the ground, tightening the clothes on the neck of Wangye (Prince or Lord).Finally wangye (Prince or Lord) was dead ...
The crowd came to the lobby again, and Xiao Qian helped the owner of the Lifu on the lobby
A group of people started to worship the life:
I wish, Li Wangye (Lord Li) blessing is the East China Sea, Shoubi Nanshan!
When everyone first worshiped, I saw the head of Li Fu's head suddenly rolled down! After that, there was a note: Didn’t you like it?