Li yan
Personal story prelude
Your real name is Li Yan, a person from Fengze County, the second son of Li Qinren.From birth, you have been weak and sick. On your monthly full moon, you need to drink a pharmaceutical to maintain it.According to your mother Madam Li or Li Family, after giving birth to your brother Li Zhong, he suddenly developed symptoms of bleeding and gradually entered the coma.Later, I found that the twins are pregnant. You are half later than your brother Li Zhong, but after you are born, you won't take the initiative to breathe.Fortunately, the mother -in -law is more old, and you can take your butt to breathe.
Your father was very expensive, and he was very happy. He had a banquet in the courtyard and a full banquet for three days.
At the age of three, you accidentally fell into your head and left a lot of blood.My father invited Lang Zhong to heal, but the blood flow could not stop. Your mother was superstitious and worshiped Jiezhai for two days in the temple.But the miracle is that you are actually fine in the back. Then your mother does not know where to get the prescription, and instructs you to take the right amount of drugs on the month of the month in the future. The miracle is that there is no illness afterwards.This continues to become part of your life.
In 716 AD, you don't know why you fell in love with the wins of the Jiangnan.Every spring, you will go to Jiangnan to play. The beauty of Jiangnan will make you intoxicated and enjoy the mood of nature.In the early spring of the same year, when you yearn for it, you come to a primitive mountain forest with clothes with the lungs of Jiangnan.There are many migratory birds and various habitats here. Of course, there are also risks of beasts.After you enjoyed this beautiful scene, I met two women on the way back to the house and was harassed by several gangsters.When you see that this kind of forces squeeze the people's behavior, you rush forward to stop.However, there are many people on the opposite side, and you are also trapped by several gangsters in the end.At this time, one of the gangsters looked at your dress and dressed up, determined that you were a wealthy family, and snatched the parcel on your shoulder.The gangsters left after getting some silver.You noticed that these two women are dressed, like the money of rich people, and asked why they walked alone in this wilderness.Among them, because of the frightening just now, she kept staring at her eyes and shook her head and said nothing.Another woman tells you that they are from Chenfu, Fengze County, and you also claim to be from Fengze County. He is a man in Lifu, Fengze County.Out of good intentions, you returned the two women back to the house.
In 718 AD, your brother Li ZHONG entered Beijing and rushed to the exam.The mother instructed you to go out to the county's head to meet.You bring a few people to the head of Fengze County.A group of people might make you very uncomfortable.While waiting for Li Zhong, you see a very familiar woman, dressed very well.At this time, she also noticed you, and the smile revealed a confident and elegant temperament.You are moving, this is the first time you have experienced heartbeat acceleration.At this time, Li Zhong waved to you from a distance.You instructed your subordinates to welcome and want to go forward to communicate with the woman.However, the Qingxiu woman turned around and walked north of the county.
You are unwilling, so you follow the northernmost part of the county, and find that the Qingxiu woman entered Chen House.Presumably the woman was a person of Chen Fu, and returned home to wash the dust for Li Zhong.
At night, you tossing around and it is difficult to fall asleep.The mind in the mind is full of beautiful women during the day.In the end, I couldn't get lonely, and I sat up and wrote a letter, which was the first time you wrote to the girl.You jumped your love for her on the paper, but in view of your identity, I was afraid that it would affect the family image, and I drew a peach blossom at the end of the letter.
During the day, you instructed the next person to ask the woman's identity. After too much, I learned that the woman was actually Chenfu's Chen Zijing Qian Qian.You give the letter to the subordinates and let him send the letter to Chen Daqian Qian.Then he added the lack of sleep last night at home.
The next day, the subordinates rang your door.You are ecstatic and ask him if he has given him to Chen Daqianjin.The subordinates nodded again and again, and took out a letter to you.You took the letter, and the aroma above came.You can't wait to open the letter, and then the people will retreat.
After reading Chen Daqian's reply, I was extremely excited, but I did not expect that she also fell in love with you at first sight.You quickly took out the paper and pen, and wrote a letter to invite Chen Daqian Jinming to go to Guanyuelou to enjoy the moon.
After sending the letter of letters, I deliberately picked up the poem about the moon at home.Your elder brother Li Zhong came to your room at this time and saw you rummaging to find things busy.You should say that you want to understand the poems about the moon to cultivate your temperament.Li Zhong laughed, and took out a collection of poems, informing him of what he wrote when he was recently rushed.You took the poem collection, read a few articles, and found that Li Zhong's poems really did not have a mood.So you get the collection of Li Zhong. If you encounter good poems, copy it and write it in the letter to Chen Daqianjin.
The next night, you came to Guanyuelou as an appointment and found that Miss Chen had not arrived.So I came to the left side of the Guanyue Building alone to enjoy the moon.Time passed quietly and finally saw her figure. You pulled her hand and ran to the forefront. At this time, the moonlight was so white.You also specially written a poem for her:
The quiet night is like water, the heart is as clear as the moon, and the love is better than Jin Jian.
Love you, it has been unchanged.
After a period of time, you finally came up with the courage and planned to visit Chenfu.But when you walked to the door of Chen Fu, I saw Li Zhong's wrist and said goodbye at the door with Chen Qian. You did not stand up intentionally, but observed.Finally you hear the content of the conversation. Li ZHONG and Chen Qian just set up a marriage contract and intend to hold it together next month.
Back in the house, my heart was as guilty as a knife cut. After all, my status in Li Mansion was not as high as Li Zhong.Everything has to be aligned with Li Zhong. Although he has an abnormally hatred in his heart, you have not been optimistic about your father since childhood.In front of his father and elder brother, he is like a young child.
The night fell again, and there was no sleep for a long night.Suddenly, the window was passed into a thing, and it was a letter to pick it up. The taste on it was very familiar. It was Chen Daqian's letter!After you look at it, what I still say on it is still love you and will always be with you.You were very pleasing, and I took a letter with a letter excitedly for a long time. I don't know when I was lying on the table and fell asleep.
Acting Shou Banquet and Wedding Banquet
In the spring of 718 AD, Fengze County was very lively. It was originally Lifu Shuangxi.
Li Qinren's 60th birthday with Li Qinren and his eldest son Li Zhong and Chen Fu Qianjin chen Qian wedding wedding!Guests have entered the table, of which Chenfu's family Chen Zijing sent eighteen dowry and one of Shouli!
You want to go to Chen Qian to make it clear, but when you come to the aisle of the wedding room, you find that someone who wore clothes as you is hiding in the dark and seemed to observe the direction of the East Chamber.When you look closely, you find that it is yourself!
Guests came to the auditorium again, and Li Zhong walked in with red silk with red silk.You look at Chen Qian's happiness relying on Li Zhong, and your heart is as sore in his heart.At this time, the married bride helped the bride to the center of the auditorium. His father Li Qinren, his mother Madam Li or Li Family and Master Chen took Gaogong Hall.The groom and the bride worship the heavens:
-1 worship!
-Baigangtang!
-Dleep for husband and wife!
-Stins into the cave ...
After worshiping the auditorium, the guests returned to the banquet of the courtyard, the sound of firecrackers, and laughed.As if the world is separated from you a thick city wall.I can't get my father's care at home, and I often have prejudice to you because of your weird disease.However, Li Zhong was recognized by his father, and even his favorite woman was captured by Li Zhong.You are in your heart and come directly near the wedding room.At this time, you see a person like you hiding by the window of the wedding room again, as if he lost any hidden weapon in, and then he left quietly.You plan to keep up, but some people say to you: Li Yan, when the time has arrived, it's time to go to the lobby to worship.The crowd came to the lobby again, and you found that the dowry girl helped the master of Li on the lobby.
Pedestrians began to worship Shou: I wish, Li Wangye (Lord Li) Fu Ru East China Sea, Shoubi Nanshan!
When everyone first worshiped, I saw that the head of Li Fu suddenly rolled down!Later, there was a note: Didn't you like to be high, this time you feel like you have been stepping on your feet.