Li zhong
Personal story prelude
Your real name is Li ZHONG, a person from Fengze County, the eldest son of Li Qinren.You have a twin brother Li Yan.At first your mother Madam Li or Li Family gave birth to you, then bleeding, and gradually entered a coma.Later, I learned that it was twins. You were born half an hour earlier than your brother Li Yan.But listening to your mother said that my brother Li Yan was sick since childhood.At the age of three, because you and your brother Li Yan chased and made trouble, Li Yan accidentally fell down and broke his head. At that time, the blood flow was endless. Even if Lang Zhong could not stop the blood.Later, I heard that your mother was kneeling in the temple for two days, and it improved.I don't know what kind of prescription can be relieved in the back.
In 717 AD, this year you will be entrusted by your father and mother into Beijing to rush to take the exam.Since childhood, you have received good education. Your father, Li Qinren, often tells you that Lifu is a family who depends on the silk business.But after all, there is a day of decline in business, so Li Qinren still hopes that you can go to Beijing to rush to get fame and fortune.You have a sense of responsibility for Li Fu's future.On the day of entering Beijing, your mother personally watched you to the head of Fengze County.
After arriving in Beijing, you start preparing for the exam.Although the exam is quite smooth, it is still famous for Sun Shan, and you are a bit frustrated.It has been hovering around, drinking poetry all day, and singing the moon.
In the early spring of 718 AD, you were ready to go home and wrote a letter to the house early.When you arrive in Fengze County, you find that your brother Li Yan is greeted in the county's head.You beckoned to him, and he noticed you.Strangely, when the family came over, he disappeared in a blink of an eye.
You return to Li's house with your domestic helper, and your mother Madam Li or Li Family is looking forward to your return at the door.At this time, my father, Li Qinren, called you to the back hall and asked if the exam was smooth, and you slowly swallowed the reasons.His father Li Qinren patted the table fiercely and ordered you to kneel down.So you knelt on your knees, Li Qinren took out the bamboo cricket and beat your back severely.You endure the feeling of tingling. After a dozen times, Li Qinren called you up.After that, your father gave you a task to buy a lot of grain and horses, and then meet with Chen's master Chen Zijing after buying.But just when you are back to find a chen Zijing meeting, he was robbed of the goods by a group of horse thieves halfway.When you return home again, your father said even more angrily: "I can't handle this. How can I make a big deal in the future! Your brother is a waste! You follow the waste, are you still my son of Li!" Then let you kneel down,My father beats your back again with a whip.
The next day, your father told you that you had married with Chenfu Ganjin Qian and prepared to go to Chenfu to talk about your dear.
After dinner, you followed your father to Chen Mansion and met Chen House's thousands of money.Chen House's head is Chen Zijing. He only has such a daughter. You heard that his wife Madam Chen or Chen Family died when she gave birth to Chen Qian.Because Madam Chen or Chen Family is the love of Chen Zijing's life, and then he never marries his wife.When you see Chen Daqian's appearance, it seems to be attracted by her, dressed in a beautiful dress, and the smile shows his temperament.You are moving, this is the first time you feel your heart.
Back in the house, her mind was full of her appearance.It is difficult to sleep all overnight.Suddenly, the door was knocked, and you opened the door and found that it was a girl, holding a letter in his hand.After receiving the letter, the girl retreated.Open the letter, say the woman's love for you, signed Chen Qian.I was happy in my heart, and the woman I liked actually felt about herself. This kind of joy could not be expressed in words.So I took out the paper and pen and wanted to ask her to talk about each other.Thinking of the Moon Moon Tower west of Fengze County, I invited to drink poems from the Moon Tower late tomorrow night from the night to watch the moon.After sending a letter, I remembered the poems written in Beijing before. Considering that my younger brother Li Yan had not achieved his academic achievements, he took the collection of poems to find him.When he came to Li Yan's room, he found that he seemed to be looking for something. After asking, he learned that he wanted to adjust his temperament and study the poems of the moon appreciation.You can't help laughing, give the collection of poems to Li Yan, and tell him that this was created in Beijing.Then left.
Late the next night, you came to Guanyuelou and happened to meet Chen Qian.You rubbed her thin waist and said what he always wanted to say to her.After listening, Chen Qian pillow his head on your shoulder.Love does not have the length of time, as long as it meets the right person.
Time passes quickly, and your relationship with Chen Qian is getting deeper and deeper.Even if it is not far apart, every night, you always accompany Chen Qian with a letter.The taste of love is always so sweet.
After a while, my father Li Qinren mentioned you and Chen Qian. You did not hide and told your father.My father seemed to be satisfied and decided to take you to Chenfu again. This time, it was to mention kiss.
The matter of mentioning relatives went smoothly.When he walked out of the Chenfu, Chen Qian was still reluctant to leave, and he wished to marry Li Fu to live with you immediately.You comforted that she would get married next month, so don't rush at this time.If the outsiders know, it will affect the face of the two.Chen Qian nodded and returned to the house after kissing your cheeks.
Act 1: Shou Banquet and Wedding Banquet
In the spring of 718 AD, Fengze County was very lively. It was originally Lifu Shuangxi.
Li Qinren's 60th birthday with Li Qinren and his eldest son Li Zhong and Chen Fu Qianjin chen Qian wedding wedding!
Guests have entered the table, of which Chenfu's family Chen Zijing sent eighteen dowry and a life gift!
You want to go to Chen Qian to make it clear, but when you come to the aisle of the wedding room, you find that someone who wore clothes as you is hiding in the dark and seemed to observe the direction of the East Chamber.When you look closely, you find that it is yourself!
Guests came to the auditorium again, and Li Zhong walked in with red silk with red silk.You look at Chen Qian, relying on Li Zhong happily.At this time, the married bride helped the bride to the center of the auditorium. His father Li Qinren's mother Madam Li or Li Family and Master Chen took Gaogong Hall.The groom and the bride worship the heavens:
Worship the world!
Worship
Husband and wife worship!
Send into the cave room ...
After worshiping the auditorium, the guests returned to the banquet of the courtyard, the sound of firecrackers, and laughed.As if the world is separated from you-see the thick city walls.I can't get my father's care at home, and I often have prejudice to you because of your weird disease.However, Li Zhong was recognized by his father, and even his favorite woman was captured by Li Zhong.You come directly near the wedding room in your heart. At this time, you see a person who is like you hiding by the window of the wedding room. He seems to have lost any hidden weapon in, and then he leaves quietly.You plan to keep up, but some people say to you: Li Yan, when the time has arrived, it's time to go to the lobby to worship.The crowd came to the lobby again, and you found that the dowry was helping Li Fu sitting on the lobby
A group of people started to worship the life:
I wish, Li Wangye (Lord Li) blessing is the East China Sea, Shoubi Nanshan!
When everyone first worshiped, I saw the head of Li Fu's head suddenly rolled down! After that, there was a note: Didn’t you like it?