Madam Li or Li Family
Personal story prelude
Your real name is fang xu, people from Liangshui County, Fangfu's great money.You have a brother named fang Ye, and the sister is fang mian.When your mother is a general of the Sui Dynasty, he adopted a boy when he fought a foreign country.After you are born, your brother and sister seem to be disagreed with the adopted boy and often bully him.Once you put it in a small black house, you put him out.Because since you are born, you have a strange disease. Every time you can see some unclean things in the middle of the night, sometimes see crying little girls, and sometimes seeing floating women.In the eyes of Fangfu people, treat you as an alternative monster.Gradually, you have a good opinion of that boy, may be more because the situation is extremely similar.
One day, he found you to ask why there is often Lang Zhong in your room in the middle of the night, and you informed him about your strange disease.Talking, you cried wrongly.He gave you the jade on his neck, and you looked at the jade carefully.The jade appearance is round and beautiful, and there is a special red material in the jade, which is very beautiful.Strangely, after you brought this jade, you never saw something that was not clean in the middle of the night, and it was normal every night.
In a blink of an eye, you and him have grown up, and he has become your best confidant.I often go shopping together and complain to the stars at night to complain about those unhappy things.Slowly, you feel that you fall in love with him.You seem to be like a natural pair of Heaven.But your sister Fang Mian knows that after the two of you, she took the opportunity to steal the jade on you.That night, your condition recurs again.Then he came back to your room after he took Yu, and you curled up in his arms in fear.He kept comforting you and kissed your forehead.You look up at him.That night, you have the skin of your skin ...
Suddenly one day, your mother found you and informed you that you were married with the Lifu Mansion of Fengze County.The incident happened too suddenly. You begged your mother, but your mother kept heartbroken.You even locked you in other rooms and are not allowed to go out for half a step.He learned that Fangfu was troubled afterwards, and he drove him out of Fangfu.Since then, you have never seen him from marrying Li Fu.
After that, you have the flesh of Li Fu, but on the day of the birth, he bleeding after giving birth to a boy, and gradually entered a coma.But after half a time, he found that he was twins and gave birth to a child again.The two brothers were extremely beautiful. The owner of the Li Fu named him the eldest son Li Zhong and the second son Li Yan.
Not long after the two sons gave birth to, you heard that Fangfu was destroyed by the door overnight.
When the child was a child, when Li Zhong and Li Yan made trouble, Li Yan's head was broken and the blood flow was endless.Your Xianggong Li Qinren invited Langzhong, but it was not available.You believe in superstition very much, and worshiped Jiezhai for two days in the temple.Miracle is that Li Yan really improved, but did not heal.At this point you received an anonymous letter. When you came to the address mentioned in the anonymous letter, you saw the boy standing in front of you.I haven't seen it for a long time, you even want to go forward to hug, but given your identity, there is no excessive physical contact.In order to avoid being discovered by Li Wangye (Lord Li), after returning the letter to him, he first opened his mouth to say the passage of these days, and mentioned that when you marry Lifu, you are pregnant.His flesh.Now that the two children have been born, they are twins, the eldest son Li Zhong, and the second son Li Yan.Among them, the second son Li Yan is weak and sick, and bleeds more than an accident. Although it has improved now, you are still worried about Li Yan's health.Li Wangye (Lord Li) said that after condolences, I would go back to find some divine doctors to see if it can effectively cure Li Yan's disease.You returned to the house and received a letter from fang zhu that night. The letter said that this condition needs to let Li Yan drink your blood every month.You doubt your blood and drink your blood privately.Sure enough, the effect appeared later, and you told the news that fang zhu, he was very pleased.
More than ten years later, Li Zhong and Li Yan have adults.Li Zhong has been regarded as a successor in the eyes of Li Fu, but the second son Li Yan is very excluded.Just because the owner of the Li Fu learned that he had to drink blood every month, he regarded Li Yan as a monster.Although you know that he is not the flesh of Li Fu, it is inevitable to feel distressed as his own child.You have been looking for the way to cure this disease, and find all the gods and Taoist priests from all walks of life, but you have no fruit.
When I passed the back hall, I suddenly heard the voice of Li Fu's owner: I ca n’t handle this, how to make a big deal in the future!Your brother is a waste!You also followed up, are you still my son of Li!
Then there was a whipping sound. You can see it vaguely through the window that your eldest son Li Zhong kneels in the hall. Li Fu's owner beat Li Zhong's back with a vine whip.You wanted to go in to stop, but at this time, a subordinate left after he went in and told Li Fu.You watched Li Zhong walk out of the door and went back to your room.
After a few days, the master of Li Fu asked you to negotiate the eldest son Li Zhong and Chen Fu Qianjin's marriage.You are a little surprised, but the master of Li Fu is the master, telling you that it is reasonable.You wrote a letter to fang zhu, and fang zhu responded to the wedding day to come to attend, and there was no other opinion on this joint marriage.Later, Li Fu issued a marriage, and held a wedding banquet together on the day of Li Fu in the middle of next month .....
Acting Shou Banquet and Wedding Banquet
It is very lively in Fengze County, Li Fu Shuangxi is here!
Li Qinren's 60th birthday with Li Qinren and his eldest son Li Zhong and Chen Fu Qianjin chen Qian wedding wedding!
Guests have entered the table, of which Chenfu's family Chen Zijing sent eighteen dowry and one of Shouli!
You are organizing clothes in the room, suddenly the master of Li Fu broke in aggressively, and came to you with some letters, and then gave you a slap: I destroyed your Fang Mansion that year, and I only left you alone. I am right. I am right.You are so generous, but you have a link with Naituro!Today I will let you go to hell to reunite with Fangfu!After speaking, he stabbed you with his sword, and suddenly the servant outside the door shouted: Madam, Ji Shi has arrived, and it is time to let Wangye (Prince or Lord) come out to host the chapel.The owner of Li Fu stopped after hearing: Keep your life first!When I kill the love Lang dog thief, I will take you to sacrifice the sky.The Lord Li Fu said that he took the sword and opened the door and walked out.Leave your face with a shock. It turned out that Fangfu was destroyed at that time, and he knew nothing about it.You went to the kitchen in the backyard first, and then came to the pharmacy hall through the hidden door of the kitchen.When the windows opened during the day, you climbed in and found a bottle of fragrance in the pharmacy hall.This is a kind of toxic, colorless and tasteless. After drinking, it will be paralyzed immediately, causing hypoxia and paralysis of the brain, and even death.
When you come to the lobby, at this time, the dowry girl supports the bride to come to the center of the auditorium, and Li Qinren is sitting next to you.When he passed by him, you opened his tea cup cover, dipped some unique incense with your fingers and sat down.The groom and the bride worship the heavens:
Worship heaven and earth!
Worship Gaotang!
Husband and wife worship!
Sended into the cave.
After the groom and groom left, you noticed that fang zhu was drinking, and the owner of Li Fu left to the back hall.In order to ensure that you kill him without any loss, you carry a seven songs on your body and go to the back hall to find the owner of the Li Fu.After finding no others in the room, you have been walking to the end of the back hall. He vaguely see a person holding the clothes of the Lord Li. If you look closely, it turns out that it is fang zhu.At this time, the servant finds you again and tells you that Wangye (Prince or Lord) is already waiting for you to live in the lobby.
Everyone came to the lobby again, and you found that the dowry was helping Li Fu's master sitting on the lobby. At this time, the tea cup was empty.The group began to worship.
I wish, Li Wangye (Lord Li) Fu Ruyu East China Sea, Shoubi Nanshan!
Is it high?This time let you taste the feeling of being stepped on.
When everyone first worshiped, I saw that the head of Li Fu suddenly rolled down!Later, there was a note: "I don't like it."