Master CHEN
Personal story prelude
(Your identity is relatively special, please try to hide your identity. Your current identity is a jade merchant, and the following is what you experienced before)
Your real name is Te'RTELAFOERDE (Old Trafford), a person from the ancient Kingdom.I came to Fengze County, neighboring country to do the jade business and named himself Chen Zijing.After several years of hard work, I finally made a little fame in Fengze County.Unfortunately, the news of the country was destroyed by the ancient Kingdom of Kim!The prince did not know that it was traveled. You spent some silver two buyers to get some news, saying that the whereabouts of Prince Jinu were unknown, but there was no news from the prince.This blow is too big, and I am in other hometown. Now I do n’t even have a home, so you start investigating this matter.
In the end, the news you learned was that the ancient kingdom was invaded by multiple countries, including this neighbor.After that, there was no other news, and this incident came to an end.
Li Wangye (Lord Li) in Lifu County in Fengze County often wants you to drink. Once, he had already drunk three patrols and held a wine glass and said to you, "I think Master Chen is the person who watched the overall situation.The ambition, but it is difficult to achieve the plan. Today I deliberately invited Master Chen to drink, I do n’t know what your intentions are. "You can hear what he has something, and he has heard that Li Wangye (Lord Li) has a rebellious heart.Now, today the overall situation is no longer the imperial court, and the folk rebels.And Li Wangye (Lord Li) holds half of military power in his hands, both strength and power.But now it is the opportunity to re -revive the ancient Kingdoms, and you must not miss it.So you ask Li Wangye (Lord Li): "Why does Wangye (Prince or LORD) values the next? It's just a jade merchant." Li Wangye (Lord Li) shook his head and said, "I need more ones moreMoney, recruit soldiers to buy horses. "If you think for a long time, if you use the power of Li Wangye (Lord Li), you must have a greater chance of reinstatement, and try to find the disappeared prince that year and get back the blood jade on the prince.In this way, the ancient kingdom is considered a real revival, and you promised Li Wangye (Lord Li).
You have studied the trend of today's power.Although Li Wangye (Lord Li) has mastered most of the military power, the real power is Fangfu of Liangshui County.Fangfu is not only a general, but also trained several courts of courts.If Fangfu can be drawn, and alliances with them are like fish.You told Li Wangye (Lord Li) and discussed it.After that, Li Wangye (Lord Li) really married Fangfu and married Fangfang's Daqian Fang XU as his wife.
On this day, the subordinates found a strange strange man at the door.You can see that his appearance is actually the disappearance of Prince Kim Kim-Eric Yisi Bada.But I found that he didn't know his life. You told him what happened in the past few years, and then asked him if he had a piece of jade on his body and where is it now.The prince answered that Yu Pei was lost, and he did not know his whereabouts.You decided not to tell him the effect of blood jade to practice longevity, and deceived him to the Fangfu to avoid tigers and blood jade on the grounds of helping him to resume the country.He obeyed your arrangement and went to Fangfu the next day.
It didn't take long for the prince to come back to inform Fangfang to be destroyed overnight!It also brought back a wandering orphan, and his life was unknown.
The black hands behind the scenes are unknown.In the same year, Li Fu was happy with two sons, the eldest son Li Zhong, and the second son Li Yan.From the perspective of appearance, Li Yan and Li Zhong are like a pair of twins, just when Li Yan was born half later than Li Zhong.According to rumors, when Li Yan was born, his mother Madam Li or Li Family bleeding was almost difficult to survive.
The due date of your wife is also coming, and a daughter is finally born. You name her Chen Qian.But his wife died after birth.You feel bad for your daughter to lose your mother, and always want to find her a stepmother.But for the sake of his own plan, he gave up this idea without being noticed by outsiders.
You give the prince of the ancient kingdom, and the secret is some content about Yirong.He still asked him the whereabouts of Yu Pei again, whether he was a bit impressed.After thinking about it for a long time, the prince answered that Yu Pei was given to Fang XU in Fangfu before.So you secretly send someone to investigate Fang XU, as he said, Yu Pei has been on fang xu.You are afraid of the strength of Li Wangye (Lord Li), and you dare not hit the grass and shock, and you have never been able to get Yu Pei.
In the blink of an eye, more than ten years later, the girl adopted by Chen Qian and the prince also grew up. The prince also named her as Xiao and even taught her to be able.Because when she brought it back, she had a deep scar on her face, and her appearance seemed ugly.
On this day, Li Wangye (Lord Li) wrote to you, saying that Li Zhong will buy some grains and horses, and you need to go to the joint to welcome.Think about the sudden extermination of Fangfu at that time, and now it seems that it is likely to be the Li Wangye (Lord Li).Now that he has obtained most of his military power, he can start to consider how to win the military power in his hand.On the way to the connector Li Zhong, you hired some people to pretend to be a horse thief and snatched all his materials.The remarriage was fed to li zhong, so that he and Li Wangye (Lord Li) were killed by each other, and they could also make a fisherman.
Li Wangye (LORD Li) who lost his front hoof was cautious, but now you can't give up, and you will take the initiative to find Li Wangye (Lord Li) to talk about li zhong and Chen Qian's joint marriage. Li Wangye (Lord Li) promisedCome down.
After that, you negotiated with Li Wangye (Lord Li) and decided to hold the wedding banquet with the birthday banquet with Li Wangye (Lord Li).The purpose of you to marry Chen Qian to Li Fu is to seize the military power in the hands of Li Wangye (Lord Li) and regain the country's dominance.
Acting Shou Banquet and Wedding Banquet
It is very lively in Fengze County, Li Fu Shuangxi is here!
Li Qinren's 60th birthday and his eldest son Li Zhong and Chen Qian are held at the same time!
Master Chen sent eighteen dowry and one of Shouli!
You took the opportunity to find Li Wangye (Lord Li) to drink, and the prince was also aside.I don't know how to get military power at this time, and my heart is ruthless, I plan to kill it directly!When you come to your own room, you look like Yi Rongshu as the second son Li Yan. When you walk out of the room, you can come to the East Chamber.At this time, you found that there was only Madam Li or Li Family Fang Xu in the room. I did n’t see Wangye (Prince or Lord), and quietly came to the lobby to check, just to see Li Zhong, who was toast.You lowered your head slightly, and quickly left to hide in the dark part of the Dongxiang room and wait for the arrival of Wangye (Prince or Lord).At this time, Wangye (Prince or Lord) appeared, and a mighty look entered the East Chamber. Suddenly you noticed that Xiao Qian also came to the East Chamber.Xiao Qian sneaked in the door to worship something. After a while, there was a big noise in the house. After the noise was over, Xiao Qian left quickly, and Wangye (Prince or Lord) also came out to the lobby.When you see that before you get started, you return to the room and remove the makeup of Yirongshu back to yourself, and return to the lobby.Guests also came to the lobby. At this time, the groom and bride began to worship the world:
-1 worship!Worship Gaotang!Husband and wife worship!Send into the cave ...
After the bride was sent to the wedding room by Xiao Qian, you returned to the room again with LI Yan, and planned to find Wangye (Prince or Lord) directly by Li Yan.You just came out of the room and came to the corridor in the back hall noticed that Wangye (Prince or Lord) seemed to drink too much, and went to the wedding room with a shaking manner.After entering, Xiao Qian suddenly ran out to the lobby, and then Li Zhong followed Xiao Qian to the wedding room. There seemed to be a fighting sound in it.You quietly walked into the side of the window, broke through a little window paper to see, and found that Wangye (Prince or Lord) wanted to rape your daughter Chen Qian.Go, you are applied to this silver needle.Suddenly someone called Li Gongzi, and when you turned back, he found that it was a subordinate, and he left embarrassed ...
The crowd came to the lobby again, and Xiao Qian helped the Lord of Li Fa sit on the lobby.A group of people started to worship:
I wish, Li Wangye (Lord Li) Fu Ruyu East China Sea, Shoubi Nanshan!
When everyone first worshiped, I saw that the head of Li Fu suddenly rolled down!Later, there was a note: "Don't you like to be high on it, this time you feel like you have been stepping on your feet."