Xiao qian
Personal story prelude
Your real name is fang liu, a person from Liang Shuixian, the granddaughter of Fangfu, and your father is fang Ye.Your Grandma was a female general in the last dynasty.When you were young, Grandma often told you some heroic stories of her storm.The most classic of these is the battle to attack the ancient country.At that time, the court only distributed 50,000 troops. Although it was a small country, its military strength also had more than 200,000 troops.At the beginning of the soldiers, the soldiers were desperate.However, our ancestors have left a "Sun Tzu's Art of War", one of which is to capture the king first.Your Grandma relying on his own ability and the assistance of several military soldiers at that time, at the night attacked the enemy camp, and implemented the tactics of the inside and outside!In this way, the enemy leader was captured and worked hard for the Huaxia State.
When you are not born, your father Fang Ye has two sisters. The larger one is fang xu, and the smaller is fang mian.Fang XU married Li Wangye (Lord Li) in Lifu, Fengze County. You also have a cousin named fang zhu. Listening to your father said that he was a child who was adopted as a child and grew up in Fangfu.
I have never seen them since you were born, but I heard that they all married to rich people, and the whereabouts of Uncle Cance are unknown.
But by chance, your father Fang Ye discovered that Li Qinren deliberately rebelled. Li Qinren was the king of Zhennan and held most of his military power.Your father Fang Ye intends to report to the court to reveal the anti -thief Li Qinren.However, that night, your Fang's family was killed!
Your room is at the back of the house, and there is a huge movement in the house in the middle of the night. When you walk out of the door, you see your father fighting fiercely with the assassin in the house. Suddenly, a sword pierced your father from his back.Shouting what you run away: "The farther the better!"
You ran out of the house door and suddenly flickered on the face, and a deep knife marks were drawn on his face, and then fainted.When you wake up, you find that there is no one over Fangfu, and blood is splashed everywhere.You cried in fear.At this time, a strange man rescued you and took you back to his home after healing the injury.
More than ten years have passed, and you have grown up, and the man named you Xiao Qian, and took you as his daughter.Because there is a scar on your face, he teaches you to cover up.You know that this is Chenfu of Fengze County.Master Chen has a daughter, called Chen Qian, with a very beautiful appearance and one or two years younger than you.But you grew up together from childhood. You are very friendly.The man claimed to be a Lay Buddhist Practitioner, and has been living in Chenfu.
Once, you travel with Chen Qian to reach the tourist destination of Jiangnan "Jiangnan's lung" mountain forest.The beautiful scenery here is a gift of nature, and it will make people feel refreshed at the moment of entering.Suddenly, several robbers encountered during the woods.You have been running away, and eventually blocked the road. A group of men surrounded you.The man headed by the man fancy Chenqian's beauty and wanted to step forward.At this moment, a man who seemed to be a scorching temperament stopped several gangsters.The gangsters stepped forward and surrounded the scholar man again, causing all his portable entanglement.Subsequently, the gangsters seemed to be satisfied and left.
Chen Qian was frightened, couldn't return to God for a while, stared at his eyes, and seemed to shout in his mouth like unwanted words.You look closely at the scholar, tall and elegant figure.He was wearing ice -blue silk clothes with elegant bamboo leaf patterns embroidered on it, and the white side of the clothes was embarrassed with the sheep fat hair on his head.He smiled at you, and his smile was a bit romantic. At the same time as his chin was raised slightly, his apricot -shaped eyes flashed the bright light of the Star River.You are moving, he introduced himself as Li Yan, the son of Lifu, Fengze County.Your attention has been set on him until he realizes that you are a bit rude, only to say that you and Chen Qian are also from Fengze County, from the Chenfu.He then left you back to Chen's Mansion.
On the night of the day, the subordinates sent a letter from Li Fu, which was written to Chen Qian.After taking the letter, you opened it and found that it was a letter from Li Yan to Chen Qian's expression of admiration.From Li Yan's eyes, you see his love for Chen Qian at first sight.You are a little jealous of Chen Qian.You tear up the letter, but you can't let others notice it, so you imitate the handwriting of Chen Qian to write a letter to Li Yan to express his love for him at first sight.
Sure enough, Li Yan mistakenly thought it was true.At this moment, the subordinates gave you a letter from Chen Fu. You opened it and found that it was a letter from Li Zhong to Chen Qian.You are a little pleased, so you decide to help Li Zhong pursue Chen Qian, and you imitate the letter of Chen Qian and li Yan, which not only satisfies himself, but also satisfies Li Yan.
The next day, Li Yan invited Chen Qian to Wangyue Tower tomorrow night.You don't know how to reply, but at this moment, Li Zhong also invited Chen Qian to enjoy the moon and poetry from Wangyue Tower late tomorrow night to Wangyuelou.You are afraid that things will be revealed, so you want to reply to Li Yan, but when you look closely, you find that Li Yan invites Chen Qian at night, and Li Zhong is invited until late at night.
The next night, you used Yi Rongshu into a Chen Qian to Wangyue Tower and found that Li Yan was waiting for Chenqian.You are going to say hello, and Li Yan has noticed you.He pulled your hand and ran to the front.The moonlight at this moment is very white.Li Yan specially wrote the first poem for you:
The quiet night is like water, the heart is as clear as the moon, the love is better than Jinjian
Love you, it has been unchanged.
You lean your head on Li Yan's shoulder. Although you are not really Chen Qian, it is worth it to be able to stay with Li Yan.You continue to maintain a period of letters.Today, you suddenly discovered that Li Zhong came to Chenfu to mention his relatives.When he walked to the door, you saw Chen Qian and Li Zhong hug together.You noticed that Li Yan stood not far from the gate of Chen Fu and stared at this scene.
Back in the house, you once again wrote a letter to Li Yan in a chenqian way: "I still love you, I will always be with you." After seeing the letter, the disappointed Li Yan turned back againhope.You know that li zhong and Chen Qian will be married in the middle of next month.If you don't tell Li Yan the truth, you are likely to be exposed.So you start planning how to disappear Chen Qian.

Acting Shou Banquet and Wedding
In 718 AD, Fengze County was lively.The 60th birthday of Li Qinren, the owner of the Li Fu, was held at the same time as his eldest son Li Zhong's wedding and Chen Fu Qian Qian's wedding banquet at the same time.Guests have entered the table.Among them, Chen's house owner Chen Zijing sent eighteen dowry and a life gift.
You are going to go to the bride's room to dress up for the bride, but when you pass by the East Chamber, you seem to have a noisy li Wangye (Lord Li) inside: "I destroyed your Fangfu, leaving you alone, and I am to you to you to youTreating so kindly, you actually cut off with Naituro! Today I will let you go below to reunite with Fangfu! "The news was shocked. Fangfu was originally destroyed by Li Fu.Then you hear the sound of sword pulling the sword, and you pretend to be the voice of the person outside the door: "Madam, the time is that the time is, and the wangye (prince or lord) should be presented to the chapel." You left quickly and went to the wedding room to pick up itGet bride.
When the guests came to the auditorium, Li Zhong walked with red silk with red silk.At this time, you support the bride to come to the center of the auditorium. Li Qinren, Madam Li or Li Family and Master Chen are on the Gao Gong Hall. The groom and bride worship the world:
Worship the world!
Worship Gaotang!
Husband and wife worship!
Send into the cave ...
After worshiping the auditorium, the guests returned to the banquet of the courtyard.

At this time, after you also support the bride into the wedding room, you look at Chen Qian, want to get rid of Chen Qian first, and then kill Li Wangye (Lord Li) to revenge for your loved ones!At this time, the door was suddenly pushed away, and Li Wangye (Lord Li) walked in and walked in to order you to step back. After you left the room, you observed outside the door.I found that Li Wangye (Lord Li) was raped CHEN QIAN! You ran to inform Li Zhong to see if you can use Li Zhong's hand to remove Li Wangye (Lord Li).Then you saw Mrs. Li go to the kitchen again. You followed it slowly. When you walked to the kitchen, you found that there was no figure in the kitchen.Then he returned to the wedding room and found that Li Wangye (Lord Li) was on the bed in the wedding room. There was no scar. You took your breath with your fingers and found that he had died.You feel that you can't be so cheap to him. A villain who is not forgive is unforgettable! So cut his head and pressed it with Yirongshu, and he could not see traces on his neck.In the end, you wrote a paragraph of the handwriting of Chen Qian and sticked it on the back of the head: Don’t you like to be high, this time let you taste the feeling of being stepped on your feet.
Everyone came to the lobby again, and you support the master of Li Fu on the lobby
A group of people started to worship.
I wish, Li Wangye (Lord Li) blessing is the East China Sea, Shoubi Nanshan!

When everyone first worshiped, I saw the head of Li Fu suddenly rolled down! After that, there was a note: I didn’t like it
Is it high? This time it feels like it is stepping on my feet.