
background story
September 4, the third year of the Republic of China (1914 AD) (the fifteenth day of the seventh lunar month)
After Emperor Xuantong of the Qing Dynasty abdicated, the "Beiyang Government" established its capital in Beijing, and Yuan Shikai became president. The Western powers are busy on the European battlefield and have no time to look eastward. China seems to be ushering in a new situation.
In Guangdong Province in the south, there is the "Guangsan Railway", which was completed and opened to traffic in 1903. It connects Guangzhou and Foshan to the "Sanshuihekou Station". Get off the train here, then cross the "Xijiang" to the west, and then enter a Luxurious Mountains - One of them is "Baoshu Town" hidden in the mountains and forests. The entrance of the town is nearly 2 hours' walk from the ferry of "Xijiang". There is only one road leading in and out of the town. The population of the town is concentrated in the center of the town. Among them, the "Ge family" has the largest business - the head of the family, Ge Jixian, has served as the town's mayor. "Bao Chang" gave birth to two daughters. The eldest daughter, Ge Yueman, married away from Tianjin. The younger daughter, Ge Yueluo, was left behind and hired Zhu Lingshan, a foreigner, as his son-in-law.
Three months ago, Ge Jixian was kidnapped by bandits, and only a corpse with its right ear cut off, all teeth missing, and hands and feet broken was found. It was so horrific... Ge Yueluo was distraught and angered the whole world. House slaves, drive these people out of the "Ge family"...
At that time, no one could have thought that this was just the beginning of the tragedy in "Baoshu Town" - it all started on September 1, three days ago. ． ． ． ． ．

The "Lu family brothers" moved into "Baoshu Town" and opened a "Lu family tavern" in the east of the "town center". They did business in the front and lived in the back.

Act 1:
your story
(Please do not read the script directly during the game. When acting, you must conform to the character's personality. You can add content that is not written in the script on the basis that it does not violate the character setting)
Your name is [Lü Songnian]. You were born in the second year of Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1876). You are originally from Guangxi. You and your younger brother [Lü Lusheng] were both subordinates of the fierce bandit "Chaohu King" in Guangdong and Guangxi - the ancestor of "Chaohu King" is The remnants of the "Taiping Heavenly Kingdom", after the fall of the "Tianguo Heavenly Kingdom", fled to the mountains and killed people and looted. They became a serious problem for the local officials and offered a reward of one thousand taels of silver for their capture.
More than ten years ago (1898), the "Chaohu King" sent your brothers to "Baoshu Town" to inquire about the remnants of the "Taiping Army" that had been annihilated in the town many years ago. In order to avoid suspicion, your brothers opened a siege in the east of the town. At "Lü Lusheng" - you work at the counter and [Lü Lusheng] is responsible for the kitchen, so you don't need to hire anyone.
The next year (1899), Guangdong and Guangxi jointly hunted bandits. The "Chao Tiger King" suffered a big loss and fled to "Baoshu Town". You and your brother saw that he was gone, so you secretly contacted the "Bao Chang" in the town [Ge Jixian】-Your brother put the "Mongolian sweat medicine" into the food of the "Chao Tiger King", searched all the money he brought, tied it up and handed it over to the official for execution. After that, you and your brother quietly collected another 500 taels of silver reward, and still left In the town - your brother is afraid that someone is seeking revenge, so he asked you not to say anything.
Another five years later (1904), one evening, an old man came to the tavern. You could recognize him at a glance as the master of the "Chao Tiger King", an old member of the "Taiping Army" who was known as "One Sword for Peace" decades ago. [Yan Yichong] - Although this man is old and dazzled, his hands and feet are still nimble - You did not dare to neglect at all, quietly closed the tavern, your brother found the "Mongolian sweat medicine", increased the dose and put it into the strong liquor, and served it to [Yan Yichong ] and watch him drink it.
At this time, a nearby hunter [Yu Shangyong] came to the tavern with freshly caught game to sell. You went to the counter to get money. Unexpectedly, a regular customer of the tavern and a wealthy man in the town [Xue Dacai] brought his cousin [Zhu Lingshan] Open the door and come in - [Xue Dacai] Thanks to frequent visits, he never cares whether the pub is closed or not.
When [Yan Yichong] saw them, he staggered over. [Zhu Lingshan] supported him, and [Yan Yichong] suddenly fell down clutching his heart. You and [Yu Shangyong] rushed over and saw that the old man was out of breath. , his face was so suppressed that he was almost cyanotic, and he said intermittently: "..."Treasure of Heaven"...the way to unlock it is on "Mrs. Wisteria"...she (he) is." .....Hidden in the "Ge Family"..." and then died (the strong drink was heavily drugged, and Yan Yichong was old, so he died after drinking it).
[Yan Yichong] What he said before he died will make you suddenly realize - No wonder the "Chao Tiger King" is eyeing this place. It turns out that there is a "heavenly treasure", and the amount must be astonishing - Fortunately, the other three people know nothing about these things As far as I know, [Zhu Lingshan] even asked stupidly: "What (what) is Mrs. Wisteria?" "
Your brother [Lü Lusheng] ran out of the back kitchen at this time, pretending to be very anxious (the death of a person in the tavern will of course make the shopkeeper anxious), desperately holding on to the others, begging them not to report it to the official, and asking you to go get it from the cabinet. Give money to everyone. [Xue Dacai] took the lead and agreed to keep it secret for the sake of money, and no one else objected, so [Xue Dacai] made everyone swear a poisonous oath: If anyone still remembers this matter, he will die a good death!
Then you opened [Yan Yichong]'s luggage and saw that in addition to clothes and money, there was also a "cowhide map" with the location of "Baoshu Town" and an "old military sword" with the word "Taiping" engraved on the scabbard. Character.
At your brother's request, everyone took advantage of the night to carry the old man's body and these things to a place near the "cemetery"
Buried under "Yutou Mountain"...
Two years later (1906), [Zhu Lingshan] became the son-in-law of [Ge Jixian] and moved into the "Ge family". Sometimes he would come to the pub and invite people to drink. Because he was worried, he often got drunk - you wait until he gets drunk. , help him go to the back, and you know that he is also looking for "Mrs. Wisteria", so you force him to join forces, cooperate inside and outside, and find the "Treasure of Heaven" together.
Afterwards [Zhu Lingshan] searched carefully in the "Ge Family", but found nothing. "Mrs. Wisteria" seemed not to exist at all - you finally ran out of patience. On June 2 this year (1914), you taught [Zhu Lingshan] Use the "Mongolian sweat medicine" to charm [Ge Jixian], use the carriage of the "Ge family" to tie him up in the "Wild Deer Forest" and torture him to extract a confession. [Ge Jixian] only admits that "Mrs. Wisteria" does exist... You are here With ruthless hands, [Ge Jixian] cut off his right ear, knocked out his teeth, broke his limbs, and tortured him to death without getting the desired result. He had to hang the body in the forest and pretend it was the work of bandits - you Asked [Zhu Lingshan] to write a note: ""Chaohu King" asked Mr. Ge to go up to the mountain to stay for a few days. He will return it later and will not report it to the official!" and stuffed it into the gate of "Ge's house" when he returned home. . A few days later (June 7), the body was discovered. I heard that [Ge Yueluo] went to the scene to identify the body. He was so frightened that he fainted on the spot.
When things calm down a bit, you go to the "Ge Family" to discuss with [Zhu Lingshan] at night. The result is that each other accuses the other of using too harsh a punishment and kills "Old Man Ge" without asking about the whereabouts of "that thing"... ····【Zhu Lingshan】The daughter of "Old Man Ge" must have known that he could kidnap people and torture them as usual, but you didn't agree this time. You were afraid that he would be too harsh and kill another person and the clues would be completely cut off. We can't let [Xue Dacai] or the others doubt this matter... In the end, you and [Zhu Lingshan] didn't argue and came up with a solution, so they had no choice but to part ways.
Two months ago (July), someone brought his wife back to the town, and also brought a brand-new "car" for his wife (Mrs. Zhang) to drive around in the town, which caused a sensation in the town... The main chat has also changed from the tragic death of [Ge Jixian] to the two parents-in-law of the "Zhang family".
On September 1st, you left your younger brother to take care of the tavern business and went to the "Ge family" to find [Zhu Lingshan]... Unexpectedly, [Xue Dacai] and [Yu Shangyong]'s younger brother [Yu Yancheng] (he also often goes to your The tavern selling game) also came to the "Ge family" at this time.

Act 2:
You are now playing [Lü Lusheng], the younger brother of [Lü Songnian] - there is nothing hidden between you brothers. [Lü Songnian] told you everything about him and [Zhu Lingshan] collaborating to kidnap [Ge Jixian] and torture him to death. -You are trembling with fear after hearing this-You brothers finally got rid of the banditry business, how can you return to your old business now? No matter how much gold and silver there is in that "treasure of heaven", it is not worth sacrificing the hard-won peace...

your story
Your name is [Lü Lusheng]. You were born in 1881. You have always followed your eldest brother [Lü Songnian]. From being a bandit to opening a tavern in "Baoshu Town", you have been inseparable.
You are the second shopkeeper of the tavern, and you are usually in charge of the kitchen. You often advise your eldest brother to turn a blind eye or close your eyes to the rude behavior of the patrons. You pretend to be nice every day. Even after closing time, you will knock on the door when a regular customer comes. You have to welcome, for fear of offending people. From betraying the "Tide Tiger King" to drugging [Yan Yichong]'s wine, it was all your idea. You have only one purpose, which is to stay away from the life of licking blood from the edge of a knife, change your appearance, and never live it again. A day of fear.
Unexpectedly, after so many years, the eldest brother [Lü Songnian] is still obsessed with the "Treasure of Heaven", and even secretly cooperated with [Zhu Lingshan] - when you heard the eldest brother tell him about this, you told him on the spot not to mess with him anymore - you brothers have suffered a miserable life since childhood. I had no choice but to become a bandit. Now I open a tavern in this "Baoshu Town", I have a lot of money, and I don't have to worry about food and clothing. Why bother getting into trouble for the "heavenly treasure" whose authenticity I don't know - the former "Tiger King", [Yan Yichong] Anyway, who is not a well-known ruthless character in the world? In the end, it was not all because of this treasure that no one even collected the bones... You are afraid that there are people like [Yan Yichong] who also know this secret, and sooner or later they will find it in "Baoshu Town", and even more Afraid that someone would avenge the betrayed "Tiger King"...
You never dreamed that the eldest brother not only did not give up, but also kidnapped [Ge Jixian] under the name of "Chaohu King". After the body was found, he still carelessly went to the "Ge family" to find [Zhu Lingshan] - your hard work His advice fell on deaf ears.
The eldest brother didn't take it seriously, but you didn't dare to be careless. You often came from the kitchen to the front of the tavern and stared at the eldest brother. You didn't trust [Zhu Lingshan], and you always felt that this person had a difficult background. You remembered that he often interacted with the people nearby. The younger brother [Yu Yancheng] of the Orion "Yu family" drank together - although [Yu Yancheng] was still a child when [Yan Yichong] died, his eldest brother [Yu Shangyong] was also in the tavern at the time and had heard about the "Kingdom of Heaven" One of the four people who created "Treasure"!
Not long ago, you saw [Zhu Lingshan] driving a carriage to send a woman (Le Wan) to the "Yu family", and then left alone, leaving the woman to live in the "Yu family"... You were observing this in secret Woman, I saw her being picked up by [Zhu Lingshan] from the "Yu family" not long after - When [Yu Shangyong] came to the tavern to deliver game, you deliberately asked the woman at his home - [Yu Shangyong] didn't answer, just ordered wine, Pour and drink by yourself.
On September 1st, your eldest brother went to the "Ge Family" to look for [Zhu Lingshan], but saw no one. When he got home, he told you everything he saw that day and asked you to help him think about where [Zhu Lingshan] was going. Where is he? Why is [Xue Dacai]’s son missing? You had a premonition that things were going bad, so you said that [Zhu Lingshan] must have gone to hide outside the town, and then advised your elder brother not to go out these days and pack your valuables - the kidnapping will be exposed sooner or later, and you must leave as soon as possible." Baoshu Town".
You don't wait until it gets dark, so you close the tavern early and go pack things in the back. When it got dark, there was a rapid knock on the door of the tavern. Your eldest brother answered and went to open the door - he went out for a while, and when he came back he said that it was [Zhu Lingshan] who had news - he might have found the whereabouts of "Baby" . You asked your eldest brother not to worry about this matter anymore, but he insists on meeting [Zhu Lingshan] again tomorrow. No matter what the outcome is, he will leave the town with you immediately. You can only agree.
On September 2, you brothers still didn’t open the store. In the afternoon, your eldest brother went out and did not come back in the evening. You were worried, so you went to the "Ge Family" to find him. You had never been to the "Ge Family" before, and rarely came to the west of the town. When you walked to the "Baoshu Family" Only after you found out that you had gone the wrong way under the "Tower", you saw [Le Wan] walking alone into this long-abandoned tower - normally, you would have followed him to take a look, but at this time you just wanted to find him right away The eldest brother returned to the center of the town to find someone to inquire about, and learned the specific location of the "Ge Family".
It gets dark soon, and you finally arrive at the door of "Ge's House" and see a carriage parked outside (you remember that Zhu Lingshan once drove this car to pick up Le Wan). You are wondering whether [Zhu Lingshan] is Not on the carriage, I saw a [young man] suddenly roll out of the carriage and fall to the ground!
Then you saw [Yu Yancheng] coming from in front of the horse, lifting the weak [young man], and pulling out the hunting knife he carried - [Yu Yancheng] noticed you at this time, and cut off the tied [young man] with a knife With the rope on his body, he helped him enter the "Ge family" - you recognized the [young man] as [Xue Yufan], the son of [Xue Dacai], and knew that there must be a reason, so you followed him in.
The hall of the "Ge Family" has been decorated as a mourning hall, with candlelight flickering, [Le Wan] appears here, and there is a woman (Mrs. Zhang) next to her - [Xue Yufan] feebly asking you where this is, you put this place It was the "Ge family" and the fact that his father had been here yesterday told him - at this time, a woman (Ge Yueman) wearing fashionable clothes that could not be bought in the town came down from the second floor... ···


Act 3:
On September 2nd, you returned to the "Lujia Tavern" from the "Ge Family". You still didn't see your eldest brother, and you felt more and more uneasy.
Didn't sleep well at night.
You can't forget that the "Chao Tiger King" was captured by your brothers and tied up in your brothers' "residence" in the backyard. He first cursed your brothers, and then said that he would take a "huge treasure" to do with you. Your eldest brother almost agreed to a deal, but you immediately stopped him, saying that this gangster was a well-deserved tiger who could be caught but not manipulated. Once he became enemies, he would never let him go - no matter how tempting the conditions he proposed were, they were all a scam!
Later, the town’s “guardian” [Ge Jixian] was secretly invited to the tavern by your eldest brother. [Ge Jixian] only brought two servants with him. When he saw the "Chao Tiger King" who was tied up, he took out the arrest documents to examine the person. You whispered to [Ge Jixian] not to reveal the matter. "Chao Tiger King" suddenly He shouted and said that he had a huge fortune to give to Lord "Baochang".
[Ge Jixian]’s face has been gloomy since he entered the house. He asked everyone to go out at this time. You can’t help but become anxious, fearing that [Ge Jixian] will believe the "Tide Tiger King" - you go around to the backyard of the tavern, where there is a person you have prepared in advance The hole you dug is usually covered up and is very hidden, ready to escape in critical moments - you crawl back to the backyard of the tavern through the hole in the wall, break the window paper, and peek into the house... [Ge Jixian] At this time, you have heard After finishing the "Chao Tiger King" rhetoric, he then sneered: "I thought the dignified "Chao Tiger King" had some great treasures, but it turned out to be just these lies to deceive children!" "Chao Tiger King" shouted: "I Everything he said is true...that leader is my biological father! Why can't you believe it?"
[Ge Jixian] turned his back and asked "Chao Tiger King" if he still has the strength now? "Chao Tiger King" cursed that the medicine was too powerful and he still couldn't move... [Ge Jixian] took out a knife and cut the rope for "Chao Tiger King". You were so scared that you were sweating all over. When he was about to escape, he saw [Ge Jixian] raising his hand and slitting the throat of the "Chao Tiger King" with a knife - blood flowed all over the ground. Before dying, a generation of thugs pointed at [Ge Jixian] and cursed: "You... ...Dare to kill me...I will definitely die a good death in the future, and I will have no descendants..." [Ge Jixian] didn't mind at all, and prayed in a low voice: "The ancestors have taught...the descendants swear I want to kill the enemy's son with my own hands..." Then he shouted outside: "The gangster has been identified and intends to escape. He will be punished on the spot according to the law!"
You got out of the hole on your hands and knees and ran back to the front. [Ge Jixian] had already led his servants to drag out the body of the "Chao Tiger King". Your elder brother didn't know anything about it. You pretended to be here all the time and kept beating in your heart. Fortunately, [Ge Jixian] never came to the tavern again after that, and he gave half of the thousand taels of silver reward. Your eldest brother wanted to go to him to ask for it, but you tried your best to stop him - you never imagined that such a ruthless person would die tragically between your eldest brother and his son-in-law. In hand······
On September 3rd, you got up early in the morning and packed all your valuable things into packages. You also found the guns and other items you used when you were a bandit (you can take them with you on the road for self-defense). You put a "Want Shop Urgent Sale" sign outside the tavern. I plan to sell the advertisement for the money, and then just wait for the big brother to come back. No matter what he says this time, I must leave "Baoshu Town" immediately.
At noon, someone knocked on the door of the tavern. When you opened the door, you saw [Yu Yancheng] - he came to get drinks, saying that his brother was back and wanted to buy drinks for him.
You pretended that everything was normal and went to get a drink behind the counter. You saw a piece of paper that had been rolled up and thrown away next to the wine jar. When you unfolded it, you saw it read: "On the afternoon of September 2nd, in front of the tomb of the "Xue Family"." The signature is [Zhu Lingshan] - you immediately guessed that this was what the eldest brother received after opening the door the night before yesterday (September 1), so he said that [Zhu Lingshan] had news.
You were afraid that [Yu Yancheng] would be suspicious, so you threw it away, threw away the paper, and gave him the wine. [Yu Yancheng] asked you why you wanted to sell the tavern. You answered that your parents back home were in poor health and you had to rush back to take care of them. [Yu Yancheng] asked how much it would cost, and you casually mentioned a very cheap price. Seeing that the boy was thoughtful, you said that this was a discount for acquaintances, and you brought the cash and settled the deal immediately.
[Yu Yancheng] After walking far away, you immediately locked the door of the tavern and rushed to the "cemetery" - you were going to the family cemetery of "Xue Family" to find the whereabouts of your eldest brother (you couldn't figure out why Zhu Lingshan asked his eldest brother to go to "Xue Family" The family cemetery of "Home" - it is not far from where Yan Yichong is buried, I don't know if it is related).
You heard on the road that a funeral was being held for [Ge Yueluo] in the "cemetery" - the "Ge family" family cemetery is located south of the entrance to the "cemetery" (the "Xue family" family cemetery is further inside), so first I ran to "Yutou Mountain" near the "cemetery" and found the place where [Yan Yichong] was originally buried at the foot of the mountain. I saw that there was only a big pit and nothing left... You were so frightened that you broke out in a cold sweat. , left in a hurry.
In the afternoon, you rushed to the "cemetery" and saw [Xue Yufan]. He was holding a "quick rifle". He grabbed you when he met and asked you why your eldest brother went to his family cemetery?
At this time, [Ge Yueluo]'s funeral has ended, and you see [Ge Yueman], [Mrs. Zhang] and others wearing black veils, as well as [Yu Shangyong] rushing over.


Act 4:
On September 3rd, you left the "cemetery" and still couldn't believe what you saw. This terrible tragedy did not suddenly appear without warning. You could have discovered it earlier and prevented your eldest brother from going out - you blamed yourself for not Stop it early and be more afraid of becoming the next target!
You left your eldest brother's body in "Yizhuang" (a place where coffins are temporarily stored) near the "cemetery". You want to go to the "longevity coffin shop" to choose a good coffin, but you see that they are all thin and cheap, so you can only " The owner of the "Shou Clan Shop" sent his boy to look for a good coffin elsewhere. Unexpectedly, the shop owner had already sent his boy out to buy a good coffin for the "Xue Family" outside the town.
You have no choice but to return to the tavern and spend the whole night thinking about what happened in these days, trying to find out the connection - you are convinced that there must be a terrible conspiracy behind it all...
Today (September 4) is the Ghost Festival (the fifteenth day of the seventh lunar month). According to custom, the "Ollan Festival" is held under the "Baoshu Pagoda". However, in the past few months, people have been missing and killed. The town has People are panicking.
In the morning, [Yu Yancheng] came to you and said that he wanted to treat a guest and asked you to prepare some good wine. You asked him who he wanted to invite, and the young man answered [Mrs. Zhang] - you were suspicious of everyone at this time (especially Brother of the "Yu family"), he thought of a plan and nodded in agreement.
【Yu Yancheng】After leaving the tavern, you came out and watched him walk to Zhenxi. You returned to the "residence" behind the tavern and searched for a long time before digging out the "Mongolian sweat medicine" hidden by your elder brother in the package he packed.
You return to the counter, fill a whole bottle of wine, and mix in the "Mongolian Sweat Medicine" - this is your last resort. In fact, you have always been wary of [Yu Shangyong]. He heard about "Mrs. Wisteria" that night. One of the four people, now your eldest brother and [Xue Dacai] are dead, and [Zhu Lingshan]’s whereabouts are unknown. Only he happened to hide out of the town and will come back after the matter calms down - you know that [Yu Shangyong]’s only relative is his brother [Yu Yancheng], as long as [Yu Yancheng] is arrested, there will be no fear of [Yu Shangyong] not telling the truth!
You were getting ready when you suddenly saw a woman walking outside the tavern, it was [Le Wan] - you immediately put down the wine and the "small porcelain bottle" containing the "mongolian sweat medicine", ran to the window and looked out, watching "Le Wan" go to " Walking in the direction of "Abandoned Fort", there is no other family there, only the "Yu Family" - you know that this woman not only lived in the "Yu Family", but also has a close relationship with [Zhu Lingshan], she is not in the "Yu Family" in the west of town now. "Zhang family", running to the east of the town alone must have some purpose! What's more, the "Mandarin" she speaks is very standard - you have been in Guangdong and Guangxi, and ordinary people can't speak it so well (you and your elder brother can't speak it well) - When you think of this, you walk out of the tavern and follow quietly to see if she really Knocked on the door of "Yu's house" - [Yu Shangyong] opened the door, [Le Wan] looked slightly red, whispered something to [Yu Shangyong], and then they walked into the yard together.
You walked quickly to the door and saw that the courtyard door was unlocked. Through the crack in the door, you saw [Yu Shangyong] taking [Le Wan] to a wing room. You immediately slipped into the yard, walked outside the wing, pierced the window paper, and looked inside. You saw [Le Wan] lying on his side on the bed in the room, his cheeks flushed, and he whispered: "Brother Yu..." ....I...here..." Before you could hear clearly, [Yu Shangyong] spotted you and yelled: "Who?"
You immediately ran out of the door and ran away without looking back. You ran back to the tavern, out of breath. When you saw that no one was following you, you put your heart back in your stomach.
You closed the door of the tavern and held on to the counter, panting. You saw the "Mongolian Sweat Medicine" was still on the counter. Just as you were about to put it away, someone suddenly hit you on the head from behind. You felt like your world was spinning, and you fell forward to the ground. Once everything goes dark, I don’t know anything anymore...
I don’t know how long it has passed, but you vaguely heard someone talking about killing someone, and someone trying to stop you... You couldn’t hear clearly, and you had difficulty breathing. Your head was still not clear, and you couldn’t see anything in front of you. You couldn’t hear it clearly. Dare to speak out. Soon, you vaguely hear someone shouting: "...Go to "Lotus Brook"..."Lobelia...detoxify..."
Your head feels dizzy and painful. After being in the dark for a long time, you finally regain your consciousness. When you touch your head, there is a wine jar covering your head. At this time, you hear a woman's scream, and you knock it hard, causing the jar to shatter. You finally managed to catch your breath and realized you were in the groove behind the counter of the tavern.
You crawled out and saw people in the "Lu's Tavern" - [Yu Shangyong] holding [Le Wan]'s hands, [Mrs. Zhang] lying on the table by the window, [Ge Yueman] falling on the ground· ·····[Xue Yufan] ran in from the door. He looked flustered and had grass on his body... In addition, there was a strange girl (Zhi Jun) with long hair tied behind her head.
