
background story
September 4, the third year of the Republic of China (1914 AD) (the fifteenth day of the seventh lunar month)
After Emperor Xuantong of the Qing Dynasty abdicated, the "Beiyang Government" established its capital in Beijing, and Yuan Shikai became president. The Western powers are busy on the European battlefield and have no time to look eastward. China seems to be ushering in a new situation.
In Guangdong Province in the south, there is the "Guangsan Railway", which was completed and opened to traffic in 1903. It connects Guangzhou and Foshan to the "Sanshuihekou Station". Get off the train here, then cross the "Xijiang" to the west, and then enter a Luxurious Mountains - One of them is "Baoshu Town" hidden in the mountains and forests. The entrance of the town is nearly 2 hours' walk from the ferry of "Xijiang". There is only one road leading in and out of the town. The population of the town is concentrated in the center of the town. Among them, the "Ge family" has the largest business - the head of the family, Ge Jixian, has served as the town's mayor. "Bao Chang" gave birth to two daughters. The eldest daughter, Ge Yueman, married away from Tianjin. The younger daughter, Ge Yueluo, was left behind and hired Zhu Lingshan, a foreigner, as his son-in-law.
Three months ago, Ge Jixian was kidnapped by bandits, and only a corpse with its right ear cut off, all teeth missing, and hands and feet broken was found. It was so horrific... Ge Yueluo was distraught and angered the whole world. House slaves, drive these people out of the "Ge family"...
At that time, no one could have thought that this was just the beginning of the tragedy in "Baoshu Town" - it all started on September 1, three days ago. ． ． ． ． ．

The "Xue family" is a family that has lived in "Baoshu Town" for generations. It is one of the richest households in the town. Its home is located in the west of the "town center". It is a compound with high walls and outsiders are strictly prohibited from entering.
The "Xue Family" property includes many shops in the town, and in the "cemetery", there is also a family cemetery that has been built.

Act 1:
your story
(Please do not read the script directly during the game. When acting, you must conform to the character's personality. You can add content that is not written in the script on the basis that it does not violate the character setting)
Your name is [Xue Dacai]. You were born in the second year of the reign of Emperor Guangxu of the Qing Dynasty (1876). You have lived in this town for a long time. I have heard a story since I was a child: more than fifty years ago, the "Taiping Heavenly Kingdom" that shocked half of the Qing Dynasty fell apart due to internal strife. Some people He planned to flee overseas from Guangzhou and sent his confidants to escort a huge amount of treasure south. On the way, he was discovered by officers and soldiers, so he could only bury the treasure and flee to "Baoshu Town" with a small part of his belongings... Some of them were with the officers who led the troops. He made a deal and exchanged his life for the "map" of the "Treasure of Heaven"... You listened to it with gusto when you were a child. After you got married and had children, you told it to your son [Xue Yufan] - but you never dreamed of it. One day, you will have the opportunity to get close to the "Treasure of Heaven"!
Ten years ago (1904), your old cousin from Guangxi [Zhu Lingshan] came to the town to join you. You took him to the "Lu Family Tavern" opened by the "Lu Brothers" in the east of the town to have a drink - at that time The shop has closed, and there is only an [old man] with a foreign accent drinking. In addition, there is the hunter [Yu Shangyong] in the town, who is delivering freshly caught game to the tavern owner [Lü Songnian] - you are a regular customer, and In front of his old friend, he opened the door and walked in regardless of the fact that the pub was closed.
[The old man] was already red in the face from drinking. When he saw you, he staggered over. You smelled the alcohol and wanted to run away, but [Zhu Lingshan] supported the [old man], and the [old man] suddenly covered his face. He fell down on his heart, [Lü Songnian] and [Yu Shangyong] both ran over. You can see that [the old man] was out of breath at this time, his face was almost cyanotic, and he said intermittently: "... "Heavenly Treasure"...the way to unlock it is on "Mrs. Wisteria"...she (he) is...hidden in the "Ge Family"..." Then he died.
This drunken talk makes you excited - could the "Treasure of Heaven" be real? The "Ge family" did move to "Baoshu Town" only a few decades ago - his family was originally a military attache. How could he live in this remote place if there weren't some major reasons? Fortunately, apart from you, the other three are not locals of "Baoshu Town" and naturally know nothing about this story. [Zhu Lingshan] even asked stupidly: "What (what) is "Mrs. Wisteria"?"
At this time, the second shopkeeper of the tavern [Lü Lusheng] ran out of the kitchen at the back. Seeing that there were lives in the store, he was so anxious that he was sweating profusely. He grabbed you guys and begged you not to report the official, and asked his elder brother [Lü Songnian] Go to the cabinet and take out the silver for everyone. You took the lead and agreed to keep it secret (in fact, you were more afraid of this being spread than anyone else - people in the town must have heard this story since they were young), and no one else objected, so you made everyone swear a poisonous oath: If anyone else... If you keep this in mind, you will not die well!
Then you opened [the old man's] bag and saw that in addition to the clothes and money, there was also a "cowhide map" with the location of "Baoshu Town" marked, and an "old saber" with the word "Taiping" engraved on the scabbard. .
At the request of [Lü Lusheng], you took advantage of the night to carry the body and these things to the "Yutou Mountain" near the "cemetery" and buried them... The next day everything was calm, as if nothing happened. Pass.
From then on, you began to get close to the "Ge family", often visiting the house, and gradually became familiar with [Ge Jixian]. In 1906, [Ge Jixian] was afraid of having no offspring. He felt sorry for the ancestors of the "Ge family" and wanted to recruit a son-in-law. You immediately recommended [Zhu Lingshan] - relying on your favor, he was quickly chosen by [Ge Jixian] and married into his wife. "Ge Family".
[Zhu Lingshan] became the husband of [Ge Jixian]'s youngest daughter [Ge Yueluo], but in [Ge Jixian's] "will", he still designated his daughter as the heir to all the property - this is not important, you tell [Zhu Lingshan], this is to find him a place to stay - after he got married and moved into the "Ge family", you asked him to find out what "Mrs. Wisteria" was, but you still had no clue, and you didn't let [Ge Yueluo] Conceive a child.
On June 7 this year (1914), [Ge Jixian]'s body was found in the "Wild Deer Forest". It was said that he was tortured to death. [Ge Yueluo] went to the scene to identify the body. He was so frightened that he fainted on the spot. , [Zhu Lingshan] started taking care of the "Ge family". You went to him several times, but because there were other people around, you didn't have the chance to ask.
Soon, you heard that [Ge Yueluo] was seriously ill, and after a fit of rage, you kicked out all the servants in the house and replaced them with new ones.
Two months ago (July), the heir of the "Zhang family" not far from the "Ge family" brought his wife back to town. He also brought a brand new "car" for his wife (Mrs. Zhang) Walking around town, causing a sensation.
On August 30th, your only son [Xue Yufan] didn’t come home all night. The next day (31st) you waited until night and still didn’t see anyone. You became anxious and planned to go find [Zhu Lingshan], he is your son. My cousin, as a relative, should help.
On the morning of September 1st, you came to the "Ge Family" to find [Zhu Lingshan] and saw that there were other guests.

Act 2:
You are currently playing the role of [Xue Yufan], the only son of [Xue Dacai] - your father [Xue Dacai] has never hidden anything from you. You have heard him say "heavenly treasure" since you were a child, and later you also learned that [the old man] mentioned " "Mrs. Wisteria", but you regard all this as a story and have no interest at all... The only real thing is that your old cousin [Zhu Lingshan] moved into the "Ge family" after marrying the youngest daughter of the "Ge family" ".
your story
Your name is [Xue Yufan]. You were born in 1895. You have relied on the wealth of the "Xue family" and the love of your parents since you were a child. You have never encountered any setbacks. Therefore, it is inevitable to behave in a flamboyant and pretentious manner - until that " "Women" appeared and changed everything...
Two months ago (July), the heir of the "Zhang Family" near "Baoshu Town" brought his wife back to the town. He also brought a brand new "car" for his wife (Mrs. Zhang) to drive in He walked around town and caused a sensation.
When you went to view the car, you saw [Mrs. Zhang] - she had curly hair, rich makeup, and wore fashionable clothes that were not available in the town. She sat in a brand-new car and exuded the mature charm of a woman, which made you I immediately forgot about the age gap between you and the fact that she had a husband. I only had one thought left, which is to have this woman!
You went to the "Zhang Family" to meet [Mrs. Zhang] under the pretext that you were interested in cars. Soon her husband left town, which made you think this was a God-sent opportunity - but no matter how you hinted, [Mrs. Zhang] showed no reaction. , which makes you very unhappy. Sometimes you run to the door of "Zhang's house" at dawn. Your sweetheart is close at hand, but you have no chance. Your father's warning to you to go out less has been forgotten by you.
Last month (August), you saw the local young hunter [Yu Yancheng] being invited into the home by [Mrs. Zhang] and leaving after a long time. After that, you often saw [Yu Yancheng] coming in and out of the "Zhang family" - you He is about the same age as [Yu Yancheng]. It seems that this kid is just relying on hunting every day to make his hands and feet thick (muscular). He is still a fool. How can he compare with a wealthy young man like you? Why can he? Get [Mrs. Zhang]’s favor? The more you think about it, the angrier you get, and you want to tear this guy apart with your own hands - but he always carries a "gun" (shotgun) and a knife with him, and he has the strength. If you use his hands, you may not be able to get an advantage, so you can only grit your teeth secretly!
On the morning of August 30th, you saw [Yu Yancheng] coming out of the "Zhang Family" again, and [Mrs. Zhang] chased him out and gave him a letter. You saw that the two of them looked happy and even more angry, so you followed [Mrs. Zhang]. [Yu Yancheng] All the way to the door of "Yu's house" in the east of the town - you thought of many ways to plot against this kid on the way, but you didn't dare to take action, and kept watching him return home... When you returned, you passed by Abba Chang I brought you to the "Lujia Tavern", so I went in and had a lot of wine. I stayed there until the afternoon, still not relieved.
You couldn't let go of [Mrs. Zhang] in your heart. After checking out, you returned to the door of "Zhang's House" again. When you saw [Mrs. Zhang] alone, you couldn't help yourself. You walked over and expressed your feelings to her... [Mrs. Zhang] After listening, her cheeks turned red, she pointed to the carriage in front of her house and asked you to drive her to the "Mountain Pavilion" in the west of the town. You were so happy that you knew she didn't want to be seen. I am so close to you that I chose such a remote place, so I immediately went to drive (the carriage drove in front, and the passengers got on from the back). [Mrs. Zhang] After hiding in the carriage, you rode your horse and whipped up your whip. Run to the "Pavilion in the Mountain"!
The carriage quickly arrived at its destination, and you jumped out desperately, trying to lift the curtain for your sweetheart and help her out. Before you even got to the back of the carriage, you felt the smell of alcohol rising, your eyes blurred, your mind unclear, and your steps... You also started to feel weak. At this time, someone supported you from behind. Before you could say thank you, the person covered your mouth and nose. You only smelled a sweet aroma, and then lost consciousness... ·
? ? moon? ? On the day after you woke up, you found that you were firmly tied to the chair, your eyes were blindfolded, and you didn’t know where you were. Your mouth was blocked and you couldn’t call for help. You struggled until you exhausted your strength and fell asleep... ····
? ? moon? ? On that day, you heard some movement and struggled, but you were still tied up, blindfolded and gagged. At this time, you heard a woman's voice coming from the next room, intermittently.
A woman shouted:...I feel pain, my body hurts...My father was killed...c" Then her voice became smaller, and soon she shouted again: "I'm going to die, I'm going to die!" "
Then the woman shouted again: "Give me the medicine quickly!" Then you heard another woman say: "You can only take one mouthful of this medicine. If you take too much, you will die!" The woman begged: "Please go to the kitchen and get a glass of boiling water for me..." After coming over for a while, the woman in the room suddenly shouted: "He didn't turn around (she/he didn't come back), I'll order some medicine ( How do I take medicine? Go find her/him right away!"
You hold your breath, trying to hear clearly, but suddenly you hear the woman scream: "Zhu Lingshan, what are you doing? Let me go first...you can't kill me, I don't even know!" Don’t kill me, I don’t know anything)”
You heard things falling and breaking, and a woman's heart-rending scream, and then everything became quiet. You heard the door behind you being quietly opened - you couldn't make a sound, and then the blindfold fell down, You see that you are in a dark room. There is only a lit "candle" on the ground, which emits a weak light. You can only see a piece of "animal skin" (with white spots on it) spread under the "candle". ······At this time, your mouth and nose were covered again, and you smelled a sweet aroma, and quickly lost consciousness...
After a long time, you slowly woke up. Your hands and feet were still tied, but luckily you were not blindfolded or gagged. When you saw that you were in the carriage, you used all your remaining strength to push towards the person behind the carriage. The door curtain rolled away, and you suddenly fell out of the carriage and fell to the ground - you didn't eat for an unknown period of time, and it took you a long time to realize that it was night...
Someone came over and pulled you up, and you saw that it was [Yu Yancheng] whom you hated so much. Then this kid pulled out a hunting knife with blood stains. You wanted to struggle, but you had no strength. At this time, you caught a glimpse of "Lu Yancheng" The second shopkeeper of the "Home Tavern" [Lü Lusheng] is near the carriage, staring at you.
[Yu Yancheng] cut the rope tied to you with a knife, and helped you into a nearby mansion, followed by [Lü Lusheng] - the hall in the house was decorated as a mourning hall, with only candlelight flickering - you weakly walked to [Lü Lusheng] You asked where this place was and learned that it was the "Ge Family". Then [Lü Lusheng] told you everything about your father coming here yesterday. You saw that [Mrs. Zhang] was also there, wearing clothes that you can't buy in the town. The stylishly dressed woman (Ge Yueman) who arrived came down from the second floor...

Act 3:
On September 2nd, you were sent back to "Xue's house" at night. You didn't see your father [Xue Dacai] - your mother said that she received news from your cousin [Zhu Lingshan] during the day and went out to look for you. Don't think too much, eat quickly and take a bath to get rid of bad luck, then burn incense to thank your ancestors for blessing you with no danger - it's already dark at this time, you eat quickly, go back to your room and fall asleep.
On September 3rd, I got up early and asked my family to go to the "Xue Family" ancestral grave (family cemetery) located in the "cemetery" to burn paper and repay your wish for your safe return.
You had breakfast, regained your strength, and chatted with the old servant at home about the stories your father told you when you were a child - because you never took it seriously, you don't remember it clearly. This time you need to confirm it with someone older... ··
······About fifty years ago, the "Taiping Army" who fled to "Baoshu Town" was stationed in the east of the town. The leader of the army was surnamed "Wang" (the leader named Wang). He was a ruthless character. As soon as they arrived In the town, the head of the "Xue family" ran to beg them not to hurt his family.
Soon, a [general] led the imperial army to surround the town. Because the terrain of "Baoshu Town" was easy to defend and difficult to attack, the government and army failed to gain any advantage in several attacks, and many people died - the weather was hot at that time, The villagers in the town were coerced by the "Taiping Army" and dug a large pit south of the entrance to the "cemetery" and threw all the bones in and burned them. The scene was very horrifying.
Even so, the "Taiping Army" in the town had run out of food, and it was only a matter of time before they were wiped out. [The leader surnamed Wang] sent his [Guards] to offer the "map" of the "Treasure of Heaven" in exchange for their lives... ·Unexpectedly, the [General] who was in charge of the officers and soldiers brought the son of his friend to join the army. In the previous battle, the son of this friend had died in the battle. The [General] felt unworthy of his friend, so he would not let these remnants go - the [Guard] In the end, he betrayed [the leader surnamed Wang] and led his officers and soldiers to sneak attack on his companions.
After that, [Guard] became the only one to escape. The remaining remnants and [Leader surnamed Wang] were beheaded after surrendering, and their bodies were buried on the spot in the "Abandoned Fort" - this is a story that everyone in the town knows, but There is another half that is unknown to the public...
······At that time, [Leader surnamed Wang] led people to force the "Xue family" to live, but the servants of the "Xue family" overheard the real plan of him and the [guard] - they did not believe that the officers and soldiers would let him go in the first place. They have to pass them, but "Treasure of Heaven" can at least exchange for a chance of survival... [Leader surnamed Wang] told [Guard] that the "map" of "Treasure of Heaven" can be given to [General] first, because there is still a chance of survival. There is a special "solution", which is among the belongings they carry, which can be used as a final bargaining chip - [The leader surnamed Wang] is afraid that he will not escape death, so he asks the [Guard] to take care of his son after leaving the town, and then... He gave a pair of things to [Guard] and asked him to give them to his son... So [Guard] gave the "map" of the "Treasure of Heaven" and the heads of all his companions, in exchange for only one chance to escape... ····
A few years later, under the leadership of [Ge Wanli], the "Ge family" moved to "Baoshu Town" and placed the family cemetery in the "cemetery" in the town. Their financial status surpassed that of the "Xue family"... ···The "cemetery" is filled with the ancestral graves of the residents of this town. The officers and soldiers who died in the war were also buried there. The [General] also built a "stone monument" in the center of the "cemetery" as a commemoration. The family cemetery of the "Xue family" is blocking the inside, and now coupled with the newly built family cemetery of the "Ge family" outside, your father's face will be shameful every time he goes to visit the grave.
Your father has always been obsessed with the fact that the "Ge family" placed the family cemetery at the entrance of the "cemetery". Ever since he listened to the drunken words of the old man from a foreign country who died suddenly after drinking, he has been deeply fascinated by it. You have often been there since you were a child. I heard him say that he wanted to find the "Treasure of Heaven" and make the "Xue family" rich again in "Baoshu Town"...
You had never believed that story before. Even if you heard the old servant reveal the secret today, you still thought it was just a rumor - if there really was a "Wisteria Lady", the people of the "Ge Family" wouldn't be able to figure out the burial location - even if it was before It was inconvenient to move during the Qing Dynasty. Now that it has been three years since the Republic of China, it is long past time to get a shovel and dig out all the "treasures".
At noon, you still haven't seen your father come back, and you feel a little anxious.
In the afternoon, the servant who was sent to the "cemetery" came back with a panicked expression. He stammered for a long time to explain - it turned out that he saw a person in the family cemetery of "Xue Family", and he thought he was an intruder by mistake. The drunk man got closer and saw clearly that it was [Lü Songnian] - [Lü Songnian], the shopkeeper of the "Lü's Tavern" in the east of the town, lying there motionless, with blood pouring out of his body on the ground!
The servant's legs were weak at that time. It took him a long time to get up. He didn't dare to go back through the "cemetery". He wanted to take a detour from "Yutou Mountain", but he didn't see the road clearly. He fell into a pit at the bottom of the mountain and passed out... ····Later he was rescued and ran back to the "Xue family".
The "Xue family" has lived in "Baoshu Town" for generations. There is an unwritten rule that the family cemetery is a forbidden land for "outsiders" - all the old people in the town know this, even you My cousin [Zhu Lingshan] is not allowed to go there at will - now there are outsiders running in. This is simply disrespectful to the ancestors of the "Xue family"! You feel angry, go to the house to get a "quick rifle", and run to the "cemetery" when you go out.
You heard on the road that a funeral was being held for [Ge Yueluo] in the "cemetery" - the "Ge family" family cemetery is located south of the entrance to the "cemetery" (the "Xue family" family cemetery is further inside).
When you arrived at the "cemetery", you happened to see [Lü Lusheng], so you grabbed him and wanted to ask why his elder brother went to your family's cemetery. At this time, [Ge Yueluo]'s funeral had ended, and you saw the black The veiled [Ge Yueman] and [Mrs. Zhang] and others, and a [burly man] (Yu Shangyong) who looks similar to [Yu Yancheng] are coming in a hurry.

Act 4:

On September 3rd, you left the "Wild Deer Forest" and still couldn't believe what you saw. This terrible tragedy was without warning.
The sudden appearance of the land will make you tremble, and you will have to hold the "rifle" until you fall asleep at night.
You can't forget the corpse you saw during the day. Your father was eaten by wild animals after his death. Who could be so cruel? You think about the corpse's gesture again - what exactly was that gesture supposed to convey - was it a message about the murderer, or was it something else? The paper in Abba's arms said: "On the afternoon of September 2nd, I came to Yelulin alone to return your baby without making any announcement." The signature was [Zhu Lingshan] - could this be Abba's yesterday (September 2nd) The news I received during the day - because it was related to your kidnapping, Abba went to the "Wild Deer Forest" alone?
Countless questions make your head more and more confused. You even think of the oath your father made - he has never forgotten the day when [the old man] died suddenly. Everyone who witnessed the death of [the old man] at the scene was your father. In addition, there are also the dead [Lü Songnian], the missing [Zhu Lingshan], and [Yu Shangyong]...
Today (September 4) is the Ghost Festival (the fifteenth day of the seventh lunar month). According to custom, the "Ollan Festival" is held under the "Baoshu Pagoda". However, in the past few months, people have been missing and killed. The town has People were in panic, and the whole "Xue family" was shrouded in mourning. My father's body was left at home, and someone from the "Shou Couture Store" had been asked to go outside the town to buy a good coffin.
At noon, you carried the "quick rifle" on your back and walked to the "Abandoned Castle" with a heavy heart - your father has always been obsessed with the "heavenly treasure", and you had to go there to take a look no matter what.
After you walked through the "town center", you saw [Mrs. Zhang] driving a car in the direction of "Lianhua Creek". The other person sitting in the car with her turned out to be [Yu Yancheng] - he said to [Mrs. Zhang] 】What are you talking about (you only hear "together" and so on) - The boy is wearing new clothes, looking high-spirited, and his face is so happy that it almost blooms!
The huge jealousy made you almost chase after [Yu Yancheng] and shoot him to death - you can even imagine the scene of [Mrs. Zhang] kneeling aside and crying in fear after you shot... But the fantasy will end It's a fantasy. Now that your father's body is still cold, you really can't care about women's affairs, so you can only let the suffocation get stuck in your chest.
You were extremely upset at this time and just wanted to go drink, so you walked to the door of "Lu's Tavern". You opened the door of the tavern and saw that no one was inside. You walked to the counter and called the shopkeeper several times, but no one answered. Like your father, you relied on being a regular customer here, and the owner of the tavern was a nice person. , you never care about any rules - you saw the prepared wine on the counter, so you poured yourself a glass and drank it in large gulps, hoping to relieve your sorrow, but you felt that the taste was a little different from usual.
You put down your glass and shouted a few more times, but still no one came out, so you went to the kitchen to find some side dishes.
As soon as you walked into the kitchen in the backyard of the tavern, you felt dizzy. You immediately felt something bad. You grabbed the "rifle" tightly, pulled the safety, stood firm against the wall, gasped for air, and barely supported your body... ··
You try to stay awake and hear some movement outside the kitchen, probably by the wall of the backyard... Your heart is getting more and more panicked, and you dare not go out - you feel that your ears are not working well at this time... ···You persisted while half-conscious and half-conscious. You didn’t know how long it took before someone finally walked into the kitchen. Your eyes were blurry, and you could barely make out it was [Yu Yancheng]. He was walking towards you while holding a bloody thing. Come·······
You immediately picked up the gun, but your hand refused to obey. You kept trembling and wanted to warn [Yu Yancheng], but you couldn't make a sound. You subconsciously pulled the trigger...and then your vision went dark and you fell down. Go down.
Your consciousness has not disappeared. You seem to be being dragged on the ground and thrown around like a sack. However, you cannot raise your eyelids and cannot move at all. Your limbs and torso are not in control, as if you are dead. ·····
After a while, you finally opened your eyes and found yourself in a patch of weeds. You struggled quickly. Fortunately, you were not tied up this time and could move your hands and feet. You immediately got up and saw where you were. On the mountain, there is a mountain trail nearby.
Your "rifle" is not at hand at this time. You don't dare to stay on the mountain, so you run down the mountain quickly along the road. You see the "Lu Family Tavern" not far away, and [Mrs. Zhang]'s "car" is parked in front of the pub. Outside - You wanted to warn [Mrs. Zhang] that there was something wrong with the wine in the tavern, so you ran in - the moment you entered, you heard a woman's scream.
You ran into the tavern and saw [Yu Shangyong] holding [Le Wan]'s hands, [Mrs. Zhang] lying on the table by the window, [Ge Yueman] sitting on the ground... following things There was a shattering sound, [Lü Lusheng] crawled out from behind the counter, with blood on his head... In addition, there was a strange girl (Zhi Jun) with long hair tied back in the pub.
