Chen Meier
Chen Meier was born in the countryside of Ximen. The family is relatively poor and born in a troubled world.But the Ximen people preach, and even if it is a land, the protection fee is no longer embarrassed.When Chen Meier was just sensible, the ground came over to collect money, but the family was more difficult and could not pay for it.Just as Chen Meier's parents and the sister -in -law begged, a few people came. Seeing that these landlords bullied the people, the young master headed for the young master, and he fought him fiercely.EssenceWhen a few people left, they said that the young master saw the righteousness, and the righteousness covered the world. Chen Meier was also very happy at the time.
But Chen Meier's parents were frowning. They told Chen Meier that these sons were just showing their benevolence in front of their men. They were not thinking about their flat people.This time he offended the earth, and he must have never lived.The family immediately started to clean up the luggage and prepare to escape.In the blink of an eye, the ground screaming and scolding started to come here, and his parents quickly let Chen Meier escape.Chen Meier dared to go home when she hid outside. When she went home, she found that her parents fell to the ground in bruises, and she hung up and waited for her to come back. After a few words, she swallowed.
Chen Meier became an orphan one day, and she lived alone than others.She would not forget the bloody hatred of killing her parents. She worked alone, earned money, bought a few people to kill all the places, and then she began to pay attention to the originator of the matter -Ximen Zhao family second son, zhao zhongyuangEssence
Zhao ZHONGYANG all uses some family members. It is difficult for her to approach, so she used the years of business experience accumulated in years to invest in the Majesty of Zhao ZHONGZHEG, the eldest son of the merchant.Zhao ZHONGZHENG looked at her beautiful, and she was quite loyal, and sent her a bad issue -the beauty was approaching Zhao Zhongyang.
The person who became the Zhao family was much more convenient to approach ZHAO ZHONGYANG.One or two, Zhao Zhongyang couldn't resist the temptation of Chen Meier and fell in love with her.The two have not yet determined the relationship between husband and wife. Killing him is not the key, but also let him feel the despair of being betrayed by the closest person. At the same time, if you have a good opportunity to get rid of his suspicion, it will not be better.
In this way, the two have maintained a relationship for many years, and they also provide some information to Zhao ZHONGZHENG from time to time, so that Zhao Zhongyang's life is not so good.In June 1507, Zhao Zhongzheng found Chen Meier, and his face was very abnormal. He asked Zhao Zhongyang's recent situation.Chen Meier has never seen the state of Zhao ZHONGZHENG, who has never seen it, and she realized that she was going to officially plan for a long time.
She prepared a bottle of poison and carried it with her, as long as she had the opportunity to send Zhao Zhongyang to the West at any time.
【July 25】
That night, Chen Meier came to Zhao Zhongyang's room as usual as usual.At about 11:10, she was packing the house, and suddenly Zhao Zhongyang screamed. Chen Meier quickly looked at it and found that Zhao Zhongyang had fallen to the ground.On the wall.
Chen Meier subconsciously went out to call for help, but she suddenly thought, isn't this a chance to be a thousand years?So she walked back to the room again, closed the door of the room, walked to Zhao ZHONGYANG, and held the wound on Zhao Zhongyang fiercely.Essence
Looking at Zhao ZHONGYANG's eyes, the evil breath, who had been holding a bite for more than ten years, finally spit it out.Then she took out the poison and poured it into ZHAO ZHONGYANG's mouth, but Zhao Zhongyang struggled and spit it out again, so she cut it at Zhao Zhongyang's carotid artery and fainted him.The sound came, and she hurriedly put away the medicine bottle, and the door opened. It was Zhao ZHONGYANG's favorite men.Li Cheng hurriedly checked Zhao ZHONGYANG, and found that he was still angry. Then, people came one after another.Chen Meier regrets, why did you make such a stupid move? When Zhao Zhongyang woke up, everything was over.