Li Cheng
Li Cheng is a person in the Li family in the East China. In the Yuan calendar 1499, Zhao ZHONGZHING, the Zhao family of Ximen, found the Li family and asked to cooperate with them.Ximen and East Domain are the deadly rivals of generations, and the two are chief families with each other. It is impossible to cooperate.I don't know what means of this zhao zhongzheng to let the family agree.But the family was still not assured of zhao zhongzheng, so he sent Li Cheng to lurk.
Li Cheng knows that go directly to ZHAO ZHONGZHENG. After inquiring about it, he knows that zhao zhongzheng and a younger brother named Zhao Zhongyang, so he first found a job at the Zhao family.Trust has become his direct man.After that, Li ChenG found a poor person, gave them money, and asked them to pretend to be their own family, and then sold a flaw to Zhao Zhongzheng, let Zhao Zhongzheng "control" his "family", zhao zhongzheng believes thatThis is a matter of li cheng, Li Cheng has officially began to approach Zhao ZHONGZHENG.
But zhao zhongzheng has nothing to doubtful. The only thing that can be seen is that he is a profitable businessman.What makes Li Cheng pay more attention to is zhao zhongyang.Because Li Cheng grew up in the Li family since he was a child, he was a child of his people. He had no love, and the people in the Eastern Region were heavy. Zhao Zhongyang had the benevolence and heroic of the Ximen people, and even took care of him when he was sick.With the strength of the Zhao family, Zhao ZHONGYANG is a character who covers the sky in the west gate, but this makes Li Cheng feel very warm. Gradually, he has a real loyalty to the owner of this nominal nominal.
Li Cheng often follows ZHAO ZHONGYANG. Zhao Zhongyang has two men. One is the guard ZHANG Wei. This is a greedy person. Zhao Zhongyang is not very satisfied with him, and the other is the inner young grandma Chen Meier.Li Cheng knows people. He always feels that this Chen Meier follows Zhao ZHONGYANG. Sometimes he also reminds zhao zhongyang.
Zhao Zhongyang said that with his status in Ximen, if someone approaches him, he does not try to make anything, it is only the cat and dog on the street.In order to investigate it, it is better to live more comfortably when everyone is kind.Li Cheng thought that he was close to Zhao ZHONGYANG, and could not help but feel guilty, and it would no longer be mentioned.
In June 1507, Zhao ZHONGZHENG found Li Cheng, asked him to kill Zhao ZHONGYANG, and for his life with his "family".Li Cheng was influenced by Zhao Zhongyang and had good thoughts on this old and young. Even if there was no relative, they could not let them die in vain.Although ZHAO ZHONGZHING does not say the purpose, Li Cheng can also guess it is related to the position of the patriarch.On the surface, he agreed, but decided to quietly protect Zhao Zhongyang's security, and at the same time he could keep the family.He knew that zhao zhongzheng would not detain Bao on his own.
During this time, Li Cheng had been hiding in Zhao Zhongyang's courtyard at night to protect his safety.During this time, except for the relatively diligent Chen Meier, the rest was normal, and because of ethnic regulations, the two could not live together overnight, so they left in the middle of the night.

【July 25th】
At about 11 pm that day, Chen Meier and Zhao ZHONGYANG were in the room. Li Cheng was outside. Suddenly, a uninvited guest broke into the courtyard, wearing a night -line clothing with a mask, it was definitely not a good person.Li Cheng rushed over with him. In order not to be found, he did not make a sound.
When the man couldn't beat him, he pierced a shining dagger and pierced it. Li Cheng slapped the dagger flying.In the end, the man fled, and Li Cheng did not catch up.
I didn't breathe a few atmosphere, but suddenly Zhao Zhongyang's screams and Chen Meier exclaimed in the house.Then, Chen Meier rushed out of the door and shouted, "Come, someone is going to assassinate the young master, and the young master is injured."Li Cheng noticed that Chen Meier shouted a few times and stopped suddenly, stunned for a while, and then went back to the room to close the door.
But he didn't dare to pass immediately. The fear of coming was too fast to expose what he stolen in the yard, so he waited for a while before rushing into the door, and found that Zhao Zhongyang had fainted. Chen Meier was beside him, and his hands were messy.EssenceZhao Zhongyang spit out white things on his mouth, a hole in the blood on his hand, and a bloody crossbow on the wall.Li Cheng stepped forward and looked at it, and had breathing.
At this time, someone rushed in outside, and the leader was the personal guard ZHANG Wei.ZHANG Wei checked Zhao Zhongyang, and quickly called people to call a doctor.After that, ZHANG WEI checked the room and the room, and then came back to check Zhao Zhongyang, Zhao Zhongyang was out of breath.