Zhang wei
ZHANG Wei was originally the guard of the Zhao family. Because of the reliable work, he was valued by Zhao's second son Zhao ZHONGYANG and used it as a close guard.The Zhao family is the big family of Ximen. Ximen and East China have been your opponent who died and live.
ZHANG Wei loves wealth, and I worked hard to work hard before I just wanted to make a head -up. Now when I arrive at the second son, I naturally take the opportunity to make money fiercely.Zhao ZHONGYANG is the son of the old man who loves it. ZHANG Wei believes that following him is more promising than following the big son Zhao ZHONGZHENG.Zhao Zhongyang also has two men, one is called Chen Meier, but instead of calling her, it is better to call her a little grandmother. The relationship between the two has basically been determined; the other is Li Cheng, a honest man.
Zhao ZHONGYANG value the law of righteousness and law. To ZHANG WEI, it has reached some stubborn level, so he wants to do some "business" and always be racking his brains, for fear that Zhao Zhongyang is dissatisfied.Later, he met a "like -minded" friend, Zhao San, the master of the big son Zhao ZHONGZHENG.Zhao ZHONGZHENG was originally a businessman. Naturally, he knew the principle of no traitor. He also opened his eyes and closed his eyes for Zhao San's oil and water.ZHANG WEI is strange. Why is a dad taught? How the gap is so big? Sometimes ZHANG WEI is too much, and it will be taught by Zhao Zhongyang.
Once, ZHANG Wei was called by ZHAO ZHONGYANG. It turned out that Li Cheng was sick. Zhao Zhongyang took care of him in person and asked ZHANG Wei to find the best doctor in the whole west."Isn't the best doctor in Ximen the Zhao family's Langzhong?" ZHANG WEI said, Zhao Zhongyang has been sitting on the Li Cheng bed and asking warmth. If ZHANG Wei didn't say more, he went to work.
In May 1507, Zhao San found ZHANG Wei and told him that he had taken a big business. It was Ma Laoban who wanted to buy a prosperous shop in Western City.Forty -percent, the rest gave zhang wei, zhang wei calculated, this zhao san wanted to get so much money, it was too cheap to get him.So he pretended to be embarrassed and told Zhao San's shop zhao zhongyang staring that he couldn't get rid of himself.In this case, Zhao San believes it.
After more than a month, at the end of June, ZHANG Wei estimated that Zhao San had forgotten this, so he found Ma Laoban alone. He took these two thousand and two.Laoban.When Zhang Wei was happy, it was called by Zhao Zhongyang.Zhao ZHONGYANG's face was ugly, saying that he had made a big disaster this time. As soon as this shop was valued by the family, he sold it for his own selfishness. He found him on his head. In addition, the crimes of stealing chickens and dogs in the past were hard.Escape to death.
ZHANG Wei was shocked, and immediately cried and begged Zhao Zhongyang to point out a way.Zhao Zhongyang said that he would not keep him. Now that the family has not found that he is doing it, but zhao zhongyang is going to list his guilt and report to the family.ZHANG Wei was stunned, Zhao Zhongyang could save him, why did he put him to death?
Life is a matter of life, ZHANG Wei has to plan well after returning.First of all, he returned 20,000 silver to Ma Laoban, and he also set up 12,000, so that he would never tell him about selling the shop.But zhao zhongyang must not buy it.He knew that the power and style of the Zhao family could not let go of him who plundered the interests of the family.Repeatedly thinking about a kind of plan, and in the end, ZHANG Wei decided that only by letting Zhao ZHONGYANG completely close his mouth and so that the family did not know his crimes can you live in danger.
ZHANG Wei prepared a very thin silver needle, soaked in the toxic potion. As long as it is gently tied, he can ask Zhao Zhongyang's life without leaving scars.Next, he has to wait for the best time.
【July 25】
At about 11:10 pm that day, ZHANG WEI was resting in the room. Suddenly, a woman's call for a woman came from Zhao ZHONGYANG, who was not far from him, and said, "The young master was assassinated."The opportunity came, ZHANG Wei thought, at the same time, he hurriedly brought the protective gloves, held a poison needle, and rushed to Zhao Zhongyang's room.
Many guards also rushed over.As a personal guard, ZHANG Wei came to Zhao Zhongyang's house without blocking, and found a crossbow on the wall. Zhao Zhongyang's palm was penetrated.Essence
ZHANG Wei quickly asked someone to ask the doctor, and at the same time, to Zhao Zhongyang, using the body's obstruction, quietly stuck on Zhao Zhongyang with the needle, and pretended to check the surrounding environment.On the crossbow, then walked out of the house and inserted the needle into the soil. The gloves were stuffed into the pocket in turn. When he returned to the room to see Zhao ZHONGYANG, he had no breathing.He pretended to be shocked and asked if the guard who had been guarded had been approaching just now, and the guard said no.