Zhao san
Zhao San is an orphan. He has been adopted by the Zhao family since he was a child. He grew up with Zhao ZHONGZHENG. The Zhao family is the big family of Ximen. The Ximen and East China have been your opponent since ancient times.At the age of ten years, Zhao ZHONGZHENG came, and the elders of the Zhao family came to get a child, and gave birth to zhao zhongyang, which was pet.Zhao ZHONGZHENG is jealous of zhao zhongyang. Zhao San looks in his eyes, but it is not easy to intervene.
After growing up, Zhao ZHONGZHENG showed extraordinary business talents and won a place for his family. Although Zhao Zhongyang is not a businessman, he is no shortage of benevolence and wisdom. It is more insidious.With people's hearts, the prestige is very high, and the two are not comparable.Zhao ZHONGZHENG looked at the position of the patriarch and was unwilling to give up.
Zhao San is not often mixed with these major events, but he will help Zhao ZHONGZHENG to do some private affairs. Zhao ZHONGZHENG still trusts him.In addition, ZHAO SAN has a lot of money for himself.Zhao ZHONGYANG has a man named ZHANG Wei, and he is also a greedy person. The two used the identity of Zhao Jiazi's relatives.
One day, ZHANG Wei and Zhao San went out to drink. ZHANG Wei complained that Zhao Zhongyang was too difficult to make him difficult. Last time Zhang Wei received someone else's money, and said a few words in front of Zhao ZHONGYANG.Say he greedy for money, and sooner or later he was harmed.Zhao San is also very disdainful. How can these rich masters understand their hardships.
In May 1507, Zhao San received a business that he wanted to sell a Wangpu in West City in Zhao's hand to Ma Laoban, and Ma Laoban made 2,000 to bribe him.This shop is managed by Zhao Zhongyang. He found ZHANG Wei and told him to let him go to the relationship.ZHANG Wei was very embarrassed after hearing it, saying that this shop Zhao Zhongyang was staring, and he couldn't be the Lord.Zhao San couldn't stop, so he had to give up.
At the end of June of the same year, Zhao Zhongzheng found Zhao San and took out 200,000 silver to him. He said that in order to ensure that the patriarch's position was smooth, let him kill Zhao Zhongyang ·, Zhao San did not dare to agree.Zhao ZHONGZHENG also said that after the incident, it would be given 1 million.Zhao San is really exciting this time. With this money, you can be chic all his life.
Zhao San thought a lot of ways to kill Zhao ZHONGYANG, and he felt unrealistic, so he decided to use the simplest way -to death.He went to the market to buy a dagger, paired with a pot of poisonous water, cooked the dagger for three days, and prepared to use this to deal with Zhao Zhongyang.
【July 25th】
This night, Zhao San put on black clothes, masks, and came to Zhao Zhongyang's courtyard, which was less than 11 o'clock.He quietly pushed the door in, and the courtyard was very dark. Zhao Zhongyang's room was on the lights. There were two people, which should be that he and him cheer.The two have not been married. According to the rules in the family, the two cannot live together, so Zhao San is not in a hurry, waiting in a dark place.But after a while, a person suddenly came out, and he punch Zhao San, and he played Zhao San Qiyu.Shake his head, Zhao San rushed over to twist him with him. This man did not call people, or even made a sound, just hit him, and tried to drive him out.He was beaten by his palm, and the dagger was hidden in the darkness.In about 10 minutes, Zhao San couldn't move anymore. I really didn't know where the lunatic came out, so they fled, and the man didn't keep up.