Zhao zhongzheng
The Zhao family is the big family of Ximen. ZHAO ZHONGZHENG is the eldest son of the current family. He has a younger brother Zhao ZHONGYANG.West gate and East China have been hostile for a long time, and the border war has continued.The soil and soil in the east areas are fertile and richer than Ximen, but the folk customs of Ximen have always been difficult to divide.The highest power on both sides is in the hands of their respective tribe, and the Zhao family naturally occupies a place in the highest class of Ximen.Zhao ZHONGZHENG has ambitions since he was a child. End of this chaotic world. If things are unified, you must first get the position of this family.
But the elder who came to the elderly to give birth to ZHAO ZHONGYANG, and he has been in love with him since he was a child. Instead, he often scolded Zhao Zhongzheng.Unicom's Li family in the Eastern Regions also exchanged a lot of resources at the cost of Ximen's intelligence at the cost of Ximen, so as to make a business momentum, and stably overwhelmed Zhao ZHONGYANG, which gave him position in the family.
Zhao ZHONGZHENG has a close friend called Zhao San. He is an orphan picked up by the family and a friend who has played from childhood to his big.In addition, he inserted two people under the hands of Zhao ZHONGYANG. One was called Chen Meier. She was responsible for Zhao ZHONGYANG to make the beauty. Zhao ZHONGYANG also loved her.The other was Li Cheng, which was the men of Zhao ZHONGYANG, but later the family's family was pinched by Zhao ZHONGZHENG, forcing him to play for himself.
These two "undercover" information and their own things that secretly communicate in the eastern region are only known by Zhao Zhongzheng.
One day in June 1507, Zhao Zhongzheng returned to the house and found that Zhao ZHONGYANG looked at him incredible in his room.Zhao ZHONGZHENG's heart was tight, and I saw Zhao Zhongyang's opening, and it turned out that he had a letter to the Eastern Region.Zhao ZHONGZHENG quickly explained, but useless, zhao zhongyang sighed and hurriedly left the room.Zhao ZHONGZHENG panicked, in case of this matter, he would lose his life.But he knew that his brother had a thick heart since he was a child, and he should not be willing to disabled his brothers, which gave him the opportunity to make everything.
Zhao ZHONGZHENG found Chen Meier and asked her to ask Zhao Zhongyang's tone, Chen Meier said that nothing special happened. Zhao ZHONGYANG was normal recently.But zhao zhongzheng was still uneasy. He thought about it. He decided to start and kill Zhao ZHONGYANG to keep himself.
Zhao San loved wealth. By the end of June, Zhao ZHONGZHENG gave him 200,000 silver tickets, and let him start to kill Zhao Zhongyang, the reason is to ensure that he gets the position of the patriarch.But Zhao San has a little counseling, after all, Zhao Zhongyang is also prominent.Zhao ZHONGZHENG had to seduce him. After the incident was completed, he gave Zhao San1 million.He believed that Zhao San was one of the orphans, after all, he still got this hand.
At the same time, zhao zhongzheng also asked Li Cheng to do the same thing. Li Cheng was unwilling, but the old man was in the hands of zhao zhongzheng. Li Cheng had no choice but could not help it.
Of course, zhao zhongzheng also started preparation, after all, he is the most credible.The eastern technology technology was developed, and he asked a crossbow to the East Regions. The range was 200 meters away. This stuff could not be found in the West Gate. Once Zhao San and Li Cheng have any moths, he will endZhao zhongyang.After waiting for a month, Zhao Zhongzheng practiced the crossbow while waiting for the two to start.
【July 25】
At 11 pm that day, Zhao Zhongzheng took the crossbow and came to Zhao Zhongyang's courtyard to observe the wall.Zhao Zhongyang's room was lit in the room. Two figures were walking around. One of the women's shadows should be Chen Meier.Zhao ZHONGZHENG carefully aimed at the man carefully. After a while, he heard the sound of the courtyard. It was too dark. He couldn't see clearly. He only saw two figures twisting each other.He hurriedly bowed his head and was afraid of being discovered.After about 10 minutes, his voice gradually subsided. He probedly observed that the figure had disappeared.He aimed at Zhao Zhongyang, launched the organ, shot a arrow, and a scream and a woman exclaimed.The woman rushed out, and it turned out to be Chen Meier: "Come, someone is going to assassinate the young master, and the young master is injured."There was no success in one blow, and there was no chance. Zhao ZHONGZHENG had to climb down the wall and quickly left before the guard rushed.After that, he threw the crossbow into a yard and ran back to the room.