Xuan Bingjiao • Jue Ming

Congratulations to you to get the highest role in the whole drama!

【Character background】
La la la, you are not mysterious Ice Sect's Messenger at all!
Your true identity is -the legendary [Saint of Thiefs]!So, your original task is to steal the sword score!
As a professional god, although your martial arts is not the pole, your light work, locking, and disguise are definitely first -class.You also have the internal skills cultivated by the top gods, killers, and Taoist masters, that is, temporarily holding the mind, stopping the heart pulse, and even being used to death ... Of courseCan't last long, and can only be used once a day.You are also very studied for falsifying documents and letters, and can identify the authenticity of cultural relics, handwriting, and autonomy.Well, I will give you so much (no egg) plug -in. I look forward to you to find the truth. Where is wrong ...
Ah, of course, it's not the set of Chu Liuxiang here!(-__-) B In short, you are here to steal the cough of the sword spectrum ... After collecting a lot of information about the Yijian Villa, you think about how to mix in.At this time, you sit in the small shop in the mountains, and you can see a messenger of [Xuanbing Church] who come here to stay here.Because Xuan Bingjiao's clothing is often recognized, you can see it at a glance.Entering this mountain road, you can basically be sure that this is going to Yijian Villa.The reason why Xuan Bing religion is so big and unified is because the martial arts are very powerful on the rivers and lakes, and most people dare not provoke.But after all, you are the handsome ... ah no, Saint of Thiefs, so, you quietly under the messenger's bowl of sweat, stealing the clothes and tokens of the cricket, disguised as Mysterious Ice Sect's Messenger intending to mix into the Yijian swordVilla.
You can quickly discover the experience that the person's clothes have a mezzanine.You draw two envelopes from the mezzanine.The two envelope styles are very different, and they are affixed with wax.You took the two envelope also.You opened the envelope with exquisite technology and found that one of them was a letter written by Xuanbing to Yi Jian Villa. The content was to order it to give the agreed thing to Xuan Bingjiao.It seems that this is the letter to the owner.Another small note is that Banxia Qianzhuang has received a receipt of 50,000 silver.I don't know who I want to give it to.After reading it, you can seal the envelope carefully and disguise it as Xuanbing's letter to make it to the villa.


【On the night of the incident】
You successfully enter the villa and are arranged in the guest room.On the way, you meet the three disciples of the villa, Zi Su, and TA asked you to ask you about the recent situation of Xuan Bingjiao, and you fooled in the past.You vaguely feel that the secret of Zi Su is.
You listen to the disciples of the villas and say that at about every night, the master is going to practice the sword in the [Purple Court] in the inner garden with a disciple of the heavenly character.So you decide to take this opportunity to slip into his Qingyezhai.When you are in a moment, you sneak into the inner garden and wait for a while. Sure enough, you see that the owner comes out of [Qingyezhai] and walks towards the Zichege.You pry open the Qingyezhamen lock in the prying of the trace.
Before you search, you carefully study the layout of Qingyezhai and analyze the places that are most likely to store the sword.You quickly found a [Government Box], which seemed to be locks based on the organ lock based on the pattern of Yi Jian Villa.It took you a certain time to crack the organ and successfully get a piece of cowhide paper drawn in the box.You take out the forged sword spectrum that has long been prepared into the box, close the lock of the machine, and sort out the traces of chaotic and prepare to leave.
At this time, you feel that someone is approaching outside the door, but the aura is not what the owner looks like.Based on the previous observation of the room, you quickly hid in sandalwood cabinets and launching turtles, hiding your breath.You vaguely hear that person enter the room, gently find something, and leave quietly after a while.When you wait for the sound of the surrounding, leave the cabinet and slip out of the room.Before leaving, you glanced at the room, it seemed that it was not much different from you when you came in.Could it be more than one thief who mixed into the villa?It delayed too much time in Qingyuzhai, and it was likely to change tonight.You decide not to put the stolen sword spectrum on your body first.When you leave the inner garden, you see that under the first window not far from the door, a brick is a bit loose. With your many years of stealing experience, you judge that this is an excellent hiding place!You hide your sword behind the brick and quickly return to the room.
If you expected, after a long time, Lu Ying, a big disciple in the villa, came and said that there was something to do with it. Please go to Shuimu Hall to gather. If you follow Lu Ying, walk to Mizuki Hall.Not so simple.

[Private information you have]
1. You take a rough look at the sword spectrum you stole. The center of the sword score has a Tai Chi pattern.And the center of the sword spectrum you falsify is a 卍 卍 pattern.
2. You have discovered: Villa is divided into Qianyuan, atrium, and inner garden.Unless special tasks, disciples must not leave the villa without permission.Among them, the inner garden usually only allows above the titles and VIPs to enter and exit.Its wall is equipped with special institutions and can only enter and exit from the main entrance.

[Your personal items]
1. Xuanbing teachers.

2. Real Mysterious Ice Sect's Messenger's letter 1, the envelope is printed on the envelope.(More than half of the players can choose to tear open when the players are present)
3. Real Mysterious Ice Sect's Messenger's letter 2, a honey FENG printed on the envelope.(More than half of the players can choose to tear open when the players are present)

[Your Secret] (Prohibition of proactive items)
Although Saint of Thiefs's identity is cool, after all, the other person is many, and try not to disclose that you are going to steal the sword score.




(Envelope, the wax is intact, there is Xuanbing teaching coat)

Guizhuang owner:
Regarding the agreed things about the elders of the Wulin League that year, the Holy religion has repeatedly sent envoys to pick up.If you insist on doing this dishonesty, you don't blame the Holy religion.Wang Guan is regular this time.

Xuanbing Holy Church



(Envelope, the wax is intact, there are honey feng coat)

Banxia Qianzhuang receipts

Today, I deposited 50,000 silver, thanks to your long -term trust.