Second Acts Ling XIAO

Congratulations to you to get the most popular role in the whole play!【Hello

【Character background】
You are the second disciple of the villa.You have not followed the master since childhood, nor the longest time to enter the villa, but you stand out with your own intelligence and be promoted to the core of the second place in Tianzi step by step.
Your goal is not only there, but you do not want to be a killer like a master, but you are eager to live a free and chic life in the rivers and lakes.Master teaches you the first six types of [Yijian Jue], and how many formulas in the sword spectrum are not clear.Not only the sword spectrum, but also in many other aspects, Master did not inform all of them.You sometimes feel that even as a disciple of the heavenly characters in the villa, you can't fully understand Master's affairs.What you know is that although the martial arts look like, dozens of disciples are cultivated, Master is still the mysterious rivers and lakes killer.Master is a person with a doubtful disease, and he never completely trusts another person.But on the other hand, who would be stupid enough to believe in another person?In this regard, you can be described as the true biography of Master.
Master's exchanges with [Wulin League] are mainly responsible for you, and the affairs of other martial arts seem to be handed over to another person.As a special contact person, you know that there is a special part of the Wulin League's token, that is, a little more in the lower right corner of the word "Wu" (see the figure below) to show the original intention of "Zhi Ge".

For how Master becomes an elder Wu Lin League, you vaguely feel that there are some non -proper means.so what?It was originally the mortal martial arts.Adhering to this principle, you use the convenience of power and responsibility to misappropriated the silver of the Wulin League into a Banxia Qianzhuang in the field.Last month, you just transferred 50,000 white silver.Since you cannot leave the villa on weekdays, you have a secret with a Jianghu intelligence group [FENG].There are not many members of "FENG", but the scope of influence is wide, and even their members have penetrated.It is mainly engaged in information transmission work and is known for its tightness.You hire "FENG" to secretly send a secret message between yourself and Qianzhuang.Your usual transaction is to put the letter under the first window of the main entrance of the inner garden and a loose brick.Because of its secrets, you can't know the true identity of the transmitter, but you noticed that the members of "FENG" are sometimes the messenger of the Wulin League, and sometimes the special envoy of other martial arts.I just don't know if they pretend to have the identity of the messenger, or they really have both positions.
However, for a long time, the Wulin League has a rhetoric about Yin Liang.But with your understanding of the Wulin League, they will not find themselves at once.But the trouble is that Master seems to have doubts about himself.Do you want to conceal this way, or ...

【On the night of the incident】
At about every day, Master will practice swords with a disciple of Tianzi in [Purple Cabinet].The specific time and personnel will not be disclosed, but told disciples I met today.It is you who met today, and the time is set at the end of the time.You find that Master seems to be restless today.In the sword practicing, seeing a flaw of Master, thinking about the two things, you suddenly killed the heart, stabbing the heart from the right abdomen of Master (the fifth style of Yi Jianjue).Master hurriedly retreated in a surprise, Jianfeng pierced his body but did not have the key to the pest.When you see the momentum, you throw your sword and lose your sword to the master. Because there are often accidents in the sword, and Master's status today is not very good, he didn't say anything and let you go back.
When you leave the Ziba Pavilion, it is probably three times.Then you meditate in your room.Until six times, Eldest Senior Brother (//Sister) Du Zhong came to gather for you, saying that there is an important business discussion, you heard that you come to Mizuki Hall to gather.


[Intelligence owned above the Tianzi position]
1. At about daily, Master will practice swords with a disciple of Tianzi in [Purple Cabinet].The specific time and personnel will not be disclosed, but told disciples I met today.Therefore, the three disciples did not know the specific personnel who met.But sometimes, Master does not meet his disciples, but talked to VIPs.
2. Usually, the Second Senior Uncle is not in the villa, and other disciples will stay away from the inner garden.

[Your Secret] (Prohibition of proactive items)
Modification of silver.
This incident directly affects your status in the villa. Remember!

Villa daily affairs table

1. Assist the Second Senior Uncle for buying
2. Regularly repair the wall of the inner garden wall
3. Register for the Disciples of the Villa
4. the damage of the appliance is reported




The daily affairs form connected to the Wulin League

1. Report every month at the Wulin League
2. Remind Master to participate in the elders' negotiations
3. Arrange cooperation affairs of Wulin League
4. the task arrangement of the martial arts alliance

Martial arts:
Recently, people from rivers and lakes are posing as the messenger of Wulin League, and I hope to pay attention to the major martial arts.Presumably, you are familiar with that the token of the special envoy of the Wulin League has something special, and check it carefully.
Wulin League XXX