Talent • Lu ying

Congratulations to you to get the role of an important witnesses in the play!

【Character background】
You are the big disciple of Yi Jian Villa.Since the age of thirteen, he followed Masterdu zhong and is also the first disciple after the establishment of the villa.Although it is not very agreed with Master's approach in many places, it has always been very respectful to Master.Over the years, I have studied swordsmanship and performing tasks with Master, performing well, and the highest martial arts among disciples.Master teaches you the first seven types of [Yi Jian Jue], and how many formulas in the sword spectrum are not clear.
Not only the sword spectrum, but also in many other aspects, Master did not inform all of them.You sometimes feel that even as a big disciple of the villa, you never fully understand Master's affairs.What you know is that although the martial arts look like, dozens of disciples are cultivated, Master is still the mysterious rivers and lakes killer.He is suspicious and never completely trusts another person.Even if you rely on your most heavy disciple.You often think that if it is possible, you must be a knights who are proud and happy, and will not become people like a master.
Master's exchanges with other martial arts are mainly responsible for you, and the affairs of Wulin League seem to be handed over to other people.In the interaction with other martial arts, you find that the usual decent is still jealous of Yijian Villa.In particular, the relationship with [Xuanbing Church] makes you careless.Before Master became the [Wulin League], he was closely related to Xuan Bing's religion; after that, somehow relationship between the two sides plummeted.Xuan Bingjiao often sent messengers to come to preach, but what he talked about was the secret that he didn't even know.You vaguely feel that there is a stories that are not enough for outsiders.
The free and easy temperament makes you dislike the solemn rules of the mountain, but what really shakes it is your relationship with a subordinate disciple.Due to the prohibition of children in the door rules, the two have always been careful.But in your heart, I hope that one day will be able to admit the relationship between the two.Given that Master has repeatedly hinted that the position of the head will be passed on to himself, if you have become the head, you can reform the martial arts.Many people are dissatisfied with this unpretentious door rules. At that time, many people will support themselves.
But you have been worried, do Master already know your mind?Will he suddenly change his mind?This problem has become a major heart disease of you.You remind Lover that you must be careful and always be careful.But the love of love involves the heart, and the two still look for the opportunity to meet in various obstacles.You usually leave a secret letter in a pomegranate tree as a contact. Because the secret letter is simply written to the time and place, you can deal with it even if you find it.

【On the night of the incident】
On the same day, you met with Lover at [Zhiyu Xuan] in the evening.Because Master will make an appointment with a certain heavenly disciple every day to practice martial arts in the [Purple Pavilion] in the inner garden, and you can see the main entrance of the inner garden in Zhiyu Xuan, so it will be safer from time and place.
In Zhiyuan, you have always been paying attention to the door of Inner Garden.Because there are agencies in the fence of the inner garden, only the main entrance can enter and exit.That night, the people who found in and out of the inner garden were as follows:
I i o
At the moment, Zi SU enters
G g x
Sudi Zi Su out
Xu Xuanbing made it out
盟 盟
Five engraved martial arts alliances
Six -at SECOND Senior Uncle enters
Suspicious Person
You find a Suspicious Person into the inner garden.Since the inner garden usually only allows disciples and VIPs to enter and exit, you can quickly let Lover go back and trace suspicious characters by yourself.Soon, you caught the suspicious character at the entrance of Ziche Pavilion.I was about to ask, and I suddenly saw the Second Senior Uncle look out of the Pibal Pavilion in a panic, grabbing you, and let you quickly call the disciples of Tianzi to come and discuss.
You report the suspicious things to the uncle and ask him what happened.Uncle whisper tells you the body of Master. You discussed it for a while and calmed down. He decided to gather all the suspects in Mizuki Temple on the grounds of important affairs and ask them one by one.


【Internal Information of Yijian Villa】
1. Yijian Village Gate Regulations: Forbidden to rebel against the teacher, the shamelessness of the teacher, the disability of the same door, the privacy of the children, and the ban on the rebellion of the enemy.
2. The villa is divided into Qianyuan, atrium, and inner garden.Unless special tasks, disciples must not leave the villa without permission.Among them, the inner garden usually only allows above the titles and VIPs to enter and exit.Its wall is equipped with special institutions and can only enter and exit from the main entrance.
3. [Yi Jian Jue] After the third form, it is only passed on to the disciples of Tianzi.


[Intelligence owned above the Tianzi position]
1. At about daily, Master will practice swords with a disciple of Tianzi in [Purple Cabinet].The specific time and personnel will not be disclosed, but told disciples I met today.Therefore, the three disciples did not know the specific personnel who met.But sometimes, Master does not meet his disciples, but talked to VIPs.
2. Usually, the Second Senior Uncle is not in the villa, and other disciples will stay away from the inner garden.


[Your personal items]
1. Liaison forms of rivers and lakes
2. Master's letter about Xuanbingjiao
3. Witness records of the in -garden entry and exit of the inner garden you organized

[Your Secret] (Prohibition of proactive items)
Fall in love and date with subordinates.
This incident directly affects your status in the villa. Remember!

The contact form of each faction of the rivers and lakes

Wulin League messenger XXX
Hengshan faction messenger xxx
Songshan Messenger XXX, XXX
Huashan faction messenger xxx
Hengshan Messenger XXX (tentative)
Taishan Messenger XXX
Emei Messenger XXX
Xuanbing Messenger XXX, XXX
Yaowang Valley messenger xxx (retreat)


Lu ying:
Given that Xuan Bingjiao and Villa have been evil for a long time, try to avoid contact with Xuan Bingjiao.For the repeated dispatch of Xuan Bingjiao, they will be arranged to stay alone in the VIP District to keep a distance from other martial arts messengers.This matter is arranged for the teacher, you don't need to bother.
