Wulin League Envoy • shi yan

Congratulations to you to get the most thrilling role of the whole play!Intersection(*￣ ▽ y) y [Meaning deep

【Character background】
You are actually not Martial Alliance's Investigator!Intersection
Your true identity is- [Wanhua Valley] sent to the Avengers!Wanhua Valley is a hidden place far from the disputes between the rivers and lakes. Occasionally people who have lost their way enter the valley, but their internal real appearance is never known for the world.You have been collected and raised by Wanhua Valley's Valley Lord [Lady Safflower] from an early age, and followed her to refine the swordsmanship.From her, you learned a shocking secret, that is, [Yi Jian Jue] was actually created by Lady Safflower.As the owner of the valley, the saffron is subject to the agreement to never leave the valley.And more than 20 years ago, the Red Flower rescued a seriously injured person in Wanhua Valley. He was later Du Zhong, the owner of Yijian Villa.The safflower was in love with him for a long time, and passed on the swordsman he created to him.However, Du Zhong deceived Lady Safflower, and eventually took her sword score to go back.Lady Safflower is determined to revenge after understanding everything.Because she couldn't leave the valley, she accepted you as an apprentice and trained you to prepare for revenge from an early age.
Many years later, you bear the rumors of Yijian Villa on the rivers and lakes.After many measurements, you decided to disguise as the messenger of [Wulin League]. In the name of investigating the misappropriation of silver, it is mixed with the inside of Yijian Villa.Your purpose is to kill Du Zhong and regain the sword spectrum.

【On the night of the incident】
In the afternoon of the same day, you successfully entered the Yijian Villa and were arranged in the guest rooms in the VIP area.You listen to the disciples of the villas and say that at about every night, the master is going to practice swords in the purple cabinet in the inner garden with a disciple of the heavenly character.Only then can you meet the VIPs.So you enter the inner garden where Du Zhong is located around the moment, and discovered him in [Zibaye].You found that he seemed to be injured in the sword just now, and there was an obvious but not fatal wound in his right abdomen.You think this is a good opportunity.When you reported the banner of Wanhua Valley, he was surprised.When he was distracted, you jumped up, and the seventh type of Yi Jianjue was stabbing his left chest from the seventh.The short swords that were pulled with the bloody blood, he poured silently in a pool of blood.
After you carefully checked his heart pulse, after confirming the signs of no life, found the key on his body, and entered the [Qingyezhai] behind the purple cabinet.You turned over the box and finally found a mysterious [institution box].Intuition tells you that this is the box of the sword spectrum.However, the box is a complex authority related to the villa. It cannot be opened for a while, and you decided to take the box back.
You bring the machine box back to the guest room and decide to find the way to open the organ.But soon, Lu Ying, a big disciple in the villa, came to find you, saying that there were important events, and I hope you will go to Mizuki Hall.You thought they should have discovered that Master's death was just inconvenient.You follow Lu Ying to the hall.

[Private information you have]
1. You learn from Lady Safflower [Yi Jian Jue], you know that it has a ten type, and the sword score is drawn on a piece of cowhide paper.The center of the sword spectrum has a Tai Chi pattern.
2. The wound left by Yi Jianjue has some characteristics. You can see that the wound before Du Zhong was caused by the fifth style of Yi Jianjue.

[Your personal items]
1. Wusan alliance token (you forge).

2. A amulet you wear from a young age.
3. There is a mechanical box found from Qingyuzhai in your room.(Need ① include more than half of the players, including the personnel of Tianzi position or above, can open it when the players are present; or ② open special items S03.)

[Your Secret] (Except for special circumstances, prohibit the initiative to disclose)
Although you think that revenge is justified, but after all, the other person is more powerful. Don't disclose that you sent the owner for Wanhua Valley to assassinate the dealer!Intersection