Mysterious figure • Song jie

Congratulations to you to get the most difficult role in the whole play!【puff……

【Character background】
In fact, you are a dual -identity fabricist.
You have two jobs. On the bright side, you are the messenger of [Xuan Bingjiao], and you are responsible for sending letters to various martial arts.In private, you are also affiliated with a Jianghu intelligence network called [FENG], responsible for organizing the delivery task sent.[FENG] is high, but correspondingly, it is very important to keep secrets for employers.
One day, you received an order from Xuan Bingjiao and asked to seize a envelope to the owner of Yi Jian Mountain Village Du Zhong.This is an envelope with Xuanbing's wax print.You don't know the content.Xuan Bingjiao's Divine Comedy makes secrets tell you that if you meet the three disciples of the villa, Zi SU, please convey to the Holy religion.You don't know what the reason is here, but it feels significant.
On the way, you will receive the [FENG] delivery task by the way, and a small envelope will be sent to the secret receipt of Yi Jian Villa.You are not the first time you have received the task of Yijian Villa. You know that there is a brick below the first window not far from the gate of the inner garden.Is there a new secret letter?There are also wax marks on the sealing of the small letter this time, and a honey FENG is printed on the above practice.Of course, you are not allowed to know what it is.
You wore a fixed clothing of mysterious Ice Sect's Messenger towards the villa.Because Xuan Bingjiao is very powerful on the rivers and lakes, most people dare not shot the messenger wearing this suit, so Xuan Bingjiao has always been an excellent shield for your secret letter.But unfortunately, this shield is not 100 % effective after all ...
... So when you wake up in the room at the small restaurant at the foot of the mountain, you find that everything you have stolen, including the clothes of Xuan Bingjiao and two secret letters.You are frightened and realize that you may be sweaty.Dare to do too much character to Mysterious Ice Sect's Messenger and have such a sharp person, it will be a character like Saint of Thiefs ... You can quickly think about remedy.You think that person is likely to be pretending to go to the villa, so you have to rush over to expose that person's identity.But the question is how do you enter the villa?Will the stolen secret letter be stabbed?You calm down, thinking that recently, [Wulin League] to investigate the misappropriation of silver in Yi Jian Villa, it is better to disguise the messenger of the Wulin League.
You immediately contacted Ren Dong, a friend who also belonged to [FENG]. Because the identity on Ren Dong is a Martial Alliance's Messenger, he holds the token of the Wulin League.You learned from Ren Dong that the Wulin League has not sent any messenger to Yi Jian Villa recently, so you can rest assured.And as a messenger for a long time, you have confidence in your own dressing skills, and believe that people who will not be stolen will be seen.

【On the night of the incident】
At about four at the night of the night, you who disguised as Wulin League messenger entered the villa smoothly.However, when you pass the entrance of the villa, you learn from the guard disciples that a messenger of a martial arts alliance just came this afternoon.You immediately realized that you might be more than you.You secretly inquired and found that there were indeed self -proclaimed Mysterious Ice Sect's Messenger and the martial arts messenger came to the villa.What do you think there are conspiracy.
Because at this time the head of the person is inconvenient to receive, you are arranged to stay first.Soon you find out the location of the two pseudo -messengers, but there are no one in the room.You can't rest assured, and decide to go to the secret place to see it first.Below the first window of Neiyuan, the loose stone is indeed an additional small paper bag, loose paper bag is tied, and there is a folded cowhide paper.However, it was not written on it as usual.You first receive the paper bag in your arms and plan to go elsewhere.Just when you are hesitant to go to the dealer to explain the identity of the identity, you are caught by Lu Ying, a disciple of the sudden appearance.He believes that you are Suspicious Person, you are about to justify, and suddenly you see the villa Erxuan CAN, who ran in panic, grabbed Lu Ying, whispered a few words.The two of them were surprised and serious. After a moment of discussion, Lu Ying gave you to Xuan Can and go to other people to gather in Mizuki Hall.Do you want to explain to you about your identity, or do you look at the change first?

[Private information you have]
1. You roughly glance at the things in the paper bag. It seems to be a martial arts map. The center is painted with a Tai Chi pattern.
2. Knowing from Ren Dong, the lower right corner of the "Wu" word of the real letter of the martial arts alliance is a bit more (see the figure below) to show the original intention of "Zhi Ge"; and many forgery do not know this.

[Your personal items]
1. Wusan alliance token.

2. Pick up the small paper bag.(More than half of the players can start when the players are present)

*Since your items are stolen, you have no third items ... 
[Your Secret] (Prohibition of proactive items)
Although many people on the rivers and lakes know the existence of [Feng], after all, it is a secret organization. Try not to disclose that you are a member of [FENG] and help someone in the villa.