Second Senior Uncle • xuan can

【Character background】
You and the owner of the villager Du Zhong met each other ten years ago.At that time, he was a killer, you were a dart division, and after the 300th round of the war, after the victory and defeat of the battle, he eventually fell into a couple. Being twinned as brothers with different surnames, he invited you to come as second-in-command after he had established the lodge, and you readily agreed.
In others' opinion, you have a good relationship with Du Zhong, but as time goes, you have long been in the same bed.Du Zhong is a suspicious person. Even if you are the most closely related, he has only passed it to the first seven types of [Yi Jian Jue].Not only is it a sword spectrum, he did not inform all in many other aspects.Sometimes you feel like, even as a second leader of the villa, never fully understand his affairs.What I know is that although the martial arts seem to be established and cultivated dozens of disciples, he is still the secretive rivers and lake killer, and never fully trust another person.
On the surface, the mountain villas will be handed over to you, but in fact, there are many important things you don't know.Although you will also guide your disciples, the mission that the owner is specifically assigned to the disciples is not clear.In the interaction with other martial arts, you find that the named decent is still jealous of Yi Jian Villa.In particular, the relationship with [Xuanbing Church] also makes you careless.Before Du Zhong became the [Wulin League] elder, he was closely related to Xuan Bing's religion; after that, somehow relationship between the two sides plummeted.Xuan Bingjiao often sent messengers to come to preach, but what he talked about was the secret that he didn't even know.You vaguely feel that there is a stories that are not enough for outsiders.
The owner did not trust his disciples.For example, recently, the rivers and lakes have misappropriated the silver of the martial arts alliance. The owner suspected that some of the three disciples were secretly chanting; there were many young disciples in the villa, and the owner suspected that some of the disciples were carried by him.These things are also given to you to investigate.You feel that the inside of the villa is gradually split. In this way, the villa you can work hard will sooner or later chaos ...
Okay, in order not to write a dog blood abuse, we enter the topic ...

【On the night of the incident】
In the afternoon of the same day, you heard that the Wulin League sent messenger to investigate the two things. Although I do n’t know if this incident exists, due to the consideration of the reputation of the villa, the owner and you decided to make excuses to delay the investigation and make you make you make you.Go down the mountain to contact Ren Dong, the liner who is in the Wulin League, and inquire about the recent movement of the Wulin League.Ren Dong informed you that the Wulin League did not intend to investigate carefully. This time, I sent one to make a look, just to find out the news.But you feel that Ren Dong seems to have something to hide from you.You have explored again, and feel that he has some unspeakable hiddenness, but it seems that it is nothing silver.
You feel that you can't find out other news, so you return to the villa.You return to the villa at about six moments at about six hours, and then you immediately rush to the [Qingyezhai] to report him to report.However, in [Ziqi Pavilion], you find that blood stains are left on the ground.You walked all the way along the blood, and found the owner full of blood in surprise, lying in the messy Qingyuzhai.He murmured, "He (she) is here, and it's still here ..." You lifted him up and found that there were two sword injuries on his body. One was pierced from the right abdomen.It is very deep; the other is piercing from the left chest to the bottom, and the sword injury seems to be pierced.To surprise you, both are the techniques of [Yi Jianjue].
The owner gradually calmed down, and you found that the wound of the owner's left chest was fatal, but he didn't look like dying.You think that he has practiced [Turtle Bate] before, that is, he temporarily holds his breath, stops his heart, and can even be used to pretend to die.Of course, this trick cannot last too long and can only be used once a day.He should have suspended his heart pulse, and after the enemy left, he had to stop bleeding and hid back to Qingyezhai.The owner ordered you to declare that he had died, and he had to use this opportunity to raise his injuries, and the surname was hidden.
Listening to the groaning of the owner's intermittently, you suddenly thought, and felt that if the owner disappeared so, it would be better.As he was distracted, the short sword in his hand stabbed into the heart fiercely along the wound of his right abdomen.He looked at you in surprise, and the light in his pupils gradually disappeared.But this time, he could no longer disguise death.You calmly put down your body, because you deliberately pierced the same tricks from the previous sword injury, the two wounds on the corpse look similar to before, no one will find a sword you make up.You look at his body again, there is no wave in your heart.
You looked around in the interior of Qingyezhai, and the books, paper, etc. were chaotic.One [Government Box] on the bookshelf is gone in the bookshelf.You have always suspected that the sword spectrum of [Yi Jianjue] is hidden in that box. It seems that someone slipped into Qingyezhai and stole it.
You decide to call the person to search for the lost sword spectrum.At the entrance of Neiyuan, you encountered Lu Ying, a disciple who seized a SUSPICIOUS PERSON.You told the shocked Lu Ying about Master's dead ear. You discussed that the relevant personnel were summoned to the Mizuki Hall in other names to explore everyone's mouth.
What do you perform next?

Ren Dong, the liner of the martial arts, sued that 50,000 silver was unknown this month.However, the martial arts alliance was afraid of the villa, and it was intended to investigate the matter.Today, I heard that there are martial arts to make it, and it is unpredictable.