Three Disbi • Zi SU

Congratulations to you to get the highest cold role in the whole drama!

【Character background】
You are the three disciples of the villa.Although you have only entered the villa for a year and a half, you stand out with your advanced swordsmanship and rigorous behavior. Three months ago, he was quickly promoted to the core disciple of the third place in Tianzi.
You are a genius of swordsmanship. Entering Yijian Villa is not to become an assassin, but to appreciate the power of [Yi Jian Jue] in the legend.Master teaches you the first five forms of [Yijian Jue], and how many styles are left in the sword spectrum.Not only the sword spectrum, but also in many other aspects, Master did not inform all of them.You find that even as a big disciple of the villa, he never fully understood Master's affairs.What you know is that although the martial arts look like, dozens of disciples are cultivated, Master is still the mysterious rivers and lakes killer.He is suspicious and never completely trusts another person.
Because your swordsmanship is increasingly advanced, and there is a great trend of catching up with his predecessors, Master seems to be concerned about you.Master only gives you some foreign duty tasks, and never disclose the core things.And, you find that Master has concerns about whether to continue to teach you [Yijian Jue].You are very disappointed here.
In an external diligence mission, you met the divine vocals of [Xuan Bingjiao] and fond of his swordsmanship.You expressed your intention to depend on Xuan Bingjiao.The other party welcomes your intentions, but in view of the tense relationship between Xuan Bingjiao and Yijian Villa, this will inevitably trigger a major dispute between martial arts.You learned from Mysterious Ice Sect's Divine Melody Envoy. When Master competed for the elders of Wulin League many years ago, he agreed to give the eight -type sword score of [Yijian Jue] to Xuan Bingjiao, but after the incident, he regretted it, so he regretted it, so he regretted it.Both sides are evil.For this reason and your long -term interest, you secretly cultivate your own relatives and inquire about the whereabouts of the sword score.You gradually lock your target in the Master's [Qingyezhai].You let the Divine Comedy by mysterious Ice Sect's Messenger, expressing their willingness to contribute to each other as a gift to the door.

【On the night of the incident】
In the afternoon of that day, you saw that the messenger of Xuan Bingjiao came to the villa, and you asked him about the current situation of Xuan Bingjiao. The other person seemed to just perfunctory a few words.You think this person should not know the relationship between you and Xuan Bingjiao, and do not talk more with them.In the evening, you see the Second Senior UNCLE.And your close relatives report to you that when you see that the disciples who have a heavenly character leave a note in a pomegranate tree, it seems that you will meet in [Zhiyu Xuan] when you ask people.You know that every night, the Master will make an appointment with a disciple of a heavenly title to practice swords, and you do not receive a notice.So tonight, Uncle Master and two other brothers (or sisters) have something to do. No one takes care of Qing Yizhai for the time being, which is a good opportunity to act.You decided to take the opportunity to steal the sword spectrum.
At the moment of the evening, you came to Qingyuzhai and determined that no one was tracking.After a while, you found a [Organ Box], which seems to be related to the structure of the villa.With the various information of you as a disciple of Tianzi, you decippped the organ and got one of the drawings, which indeed read the words "Yijian Jue", and a character is painted in the middle of the sword spectrum.You put the institution box back to the original place, cover up the traces of the search, and quickly leave.You decide to study this sword score by yourself and then contact Xuan Bing.
When you leave the inner garden, it is about three times.You return to the room, but soon, Eldest Senior Brother (/Sister) Du Zhong suddenly came to you to go to the [Mizuki Hall] to gather, saying that there are important matters to discuss.You quickly hid the sword spectrum with him/her. What will be the so -called important matters?You can't help but worry.


【Internal Information of Yijian Villa】
1. Yijian Village Gate Regulations: Forbidden to rebel against the teacher, the shamelessness of the teacher, the disability of the same door, the privacy of the children, and the ban on the rebellion of the enemy.
2. The villa is divided into Qianyuan, atrium, and inner garden.Unless special tasks, disciples must not leave the villa without permission.Among them, the inner garden usually only allows above the titles and VIPs to enter and exit.Its wall is equipped with special institutions and can only enter and exit from the main entrance.
3. [Yi Jian Jue] After the third form, it is only passed on to the disciples of Tianzi.


[Intelligence owned above the Tianzi position]
1. At about daily, Master will practice swords with a disciple of Tianzi in [Purple Cabinet].The specific time and personnel will not be disclosed, but told disciples I met today.Therefore, the three disciples did not know the specific personnel who met.But sometimes, Master does not meet his disciples, but talked to VIPs.
2. Usually, the Second Senior Uncle is not in the villa, and other disciples will stay away from the inner garden.


[Your personal items]
1. "Sword of the World"
2. Eyeline intelligence: "In the pomegranate tree in the atrium, I found that Yu Xuan met with people with a word, suspected to be left by Tianzi disciples"
3. Hidden sword spectrum.(You need to think about a reasonable explanation.)

[Your Secret] (Prohibition of proactive items)
Trading with Xuan Bingjiao.
This incident directly affects your safety in the villa, remember to remember!


World Sword theory

Yi Jianjue: The assassination of the assassination of the short sword or dagger is held by the Yijian Villa.
Snowflake six out: suitable for a variety of weapons and flexible swordsmanship, which is held by Xuanbing.
An Artemisiar on the snow: The sword -based swordsmanship is held by Xuanbing.
Qiye Yizhi Flower: According to legend, the unique sword method created by Lady Safflower, the owner of Wanhua Valley, is known by Wanhua Valley to avoid the world.
Wuwei Sword Method: According to legend, it was created by the owner of the medicine king Gu Gu, and it did not spread after its retreat.
Wang Baixing: The long sword -based sharp sword method is held inside the Wulin League.
Tongtian Jue: The sword -based swords and swords are held by Hengshan School.
Xiao Feiyang: The special swordsmanship of the hidden weapon was originally engraved on the top of the Ukraine Mountain, and it is said that it was taken by the Saint of Thiefs of the rivers and lakes.
Make gentlemen: The orthodox swords dominated by the sword are held by the Huashan faction.
Lotus Heart Sword Method: Short sword and Emei thorns are mainly held by the Emei faction.
Ghost arrow feathers: The special swordsmanship dominated by the hidden weapon, which is said to be created by the Western Swordsman Mornshumi, and then lost.
Nympho




"In the pomegranate trees in the atrium, I found that Yuxuan met with people with people, and it was suspected to be left by Tianzi disciples."