Alex Harvey
You used to be a equestrian barrier rider, and you have won several awards during the peak, but now you switch to a commentator of sports broadcast programs.You like to raise horses, like your cousin, Marina and Jacqueline, grew up in a racecourse since childhood.You and Marina have long been friends for many years, but this is the first time you have participated in their ski vacation, but it is also the last time ... the atmosphere this week is extremely weird, Jacqueline and Marina kept arguing, stirringEveryone must not be peaceful.
The Harrison family is okay, but you don't want to stay with them for a full week. In addition, you and the Perry family are really not very close. Daniel really makes you feel annoying. Jacqueline always loves people.
Fortunately, Amy is also here. She is Harold's sister. Although you have never seen her before, but at first sight.Amy told you that her marriage with John had a problem. You also asked her to borrow $ 300 to buy the oil painting you see. You promised to pay back her money on time. As a result, I bought another painting with that money. Of courseIt's not yet on, you hope she will not speak to you before you end your vacation.
You are also regretted Lucy and Jonathan, especially when you see that Jacqueline deliberately tripped Marina, Marina was okay, but dragged Lucy, causing Lucy's wrist to be sprained.
Lucy and Jonathan have a very good relationship. When you see them excitedly hug together, they later realized that they were not just friends.You apologize to them for yourself, and then leave in a hurry. You are sure that the parents of both parties do not know, but they will not agree with it.
You are suspicious of the two skiers who suddenly visit the cabin. They claim that they are trapped by heavy snow, but you must have more secrets hidden on them. You also hear what they whisper to discuss.They seem to be planning to rob.
You in the eyes of others: celebrities with dim stars;
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
What you know about that accident:
When John Morgan fell down the stairs, you were staying alone in the room, and it was completely unclear what happened, but earlier you saw him talking to Max Pike, as if he was talking about Max's ski jacket. You see it.When John turned around, Max glanced evilly.Is the two's conversations not have mystery. Did Max kill John Morgan?
other people:
Marina Harrison: Your relationship with Marina has always been closer than Jacqueline, and Marina often centered on herself.This week she finally revealed the secrets of her heart, and she and Davis were secretly together.
Jacqueline Perry: Jacqueline is Marina's sister. She has been jealous of Marina from an early age. In your opinion, the jealousy is not foundable. They have gained the same care when they were childhood.
Harold Harrison: You find that Marina's husband Harold is quite boring, but who makes him an accountant? But you don't know how Marina thinks of him.
Davis Perry: Davis is a savvy lawyer. You can see that in Marina's eyes, Davis is two types of people who are completely different from her husband.
Amy Morgan: You don't know Amy before this holiday, but you are already a good friend, you know her marriage is unfortunate.