Amy Morgan
You are a book administrator, and you also create children's stories.Recently, your new work "Pippi embrace the sea" is printing.
Harold is your brother.Although you love him very much, you are willing to pay for him, but he is disappointed with your partner's choice. Anna is the same, as well as Marina.
Harold hidden a secret, even if wild, as Marina, she didn't know.Harold and ANNA divorce because of Harold infertility and Anna wants to have a child, so I chose to leave. Harold was hit. It was a day when you accompanied him to walk like hell and vowed to keep this secret for him.When he fell in love with Marina, he hoped that she would never know about it.
So when I heard that Marina is pregnant, your shock can be imagined.Harold tells you that this just confirms that Marina's derailment is suspected, but because Marina has returned to the family because of pregnancy.Both look forward to being parents.Harold has always wanted to have a child. He told you that he would rather have a complete home. For this reason, he was not too tangled with Marina who was unfaithful to him.If Harold feels so good, you don't want to break this tranquility.
This is already an old thing.And this holiday is really bad. Jacqueline and Marina kept noisy. Everyone was influenced by them. No one still has the idleness of vacation.Harold tells you that this year's racecourse business is not very good, maybe this is why the two sisters are not in line.
When the snow was falling early in the morning, you saw that Jacqueline went out to pick the hair and picked the ground yellow, and on the mountain behind the cabin, it was flourishing from Mao Dihuang.You did not see her decorating the living room with hair, so she must be put in her room.
However, there are still two things that are worthy of this holiday. The first is your friendship with Elex. At first sight, the friendship boats of friendship cannot stop like an old house.Elex made you borrowed $ 300 earlier this week. You need her to return it to you to buy that clock.
The second thing was that John finally agreed to divorce. You talked with him many times, and he flashed his words before.You have no common language, and these years have gradually drifted away.You think John is a bit sad, but I believe he knows that the two are good.
The tragedy hasn't happened at this time.
You in the eyes of others: Wen Qing, Book Roll Qi, are full of protection of Harold
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death:
Although John's death makes you sad, it has not yet reached an unforgettable point.You are no longer the love of his wife and husband, but the friendship that has lived for 15 years is still there.
When John fell from the stairs, you happened to be alone in the room.He just agreed to divorce, and his mood was low when he left. He said he would ask Davis some questions, but you did not ask.The problem now is that you have not been present, but as John's widow, you are the beneficiary of his insurance.
What's even more strange is that the money in his wallet flew.
other people:
Harold Harrison: Harold is your brother, you are very close, you are willing to do anything for him.
Marina Harrison: Marina is your sister, you don't like her.She flirted everywhere and always wanted to be the focus of the audience.
Lucy Harrison: Lucy's music is very high, you don't understand how she chooses to read the law, you guess she just wants to please her mother like that.
Max Pike: You see a note falling out of his pocket.You picked it up and saw a number of numbers like a Swiss bank account on it. You didn't pay it back because you doubt what he must have seen between him and Qiao.
Alex Harvey: Because of buying paintings, I found you to borrow $ 300 earlier this week.