Daniel Perry
You marry the wrong person.Marina is your true love, but in reality she is your wife's sister.For more than two decades, she has been the bright moonlight of your heart.Many years ago, you had a relationship with her, but ended because of Marina and Jacqueline's pregnancy. You are busy taking care of his son Jonathan, and Marina will also nurture Lucy.It seems that she is the party that leaves first, but you have never stopped loving her, you think she can't forget you.
In the meantime, your brother Davis helped you. He was a keen lobby, and he was more sensible.You didn't tell him who you love, but he still gave you support to help you clarify the chaos in front of you.He also tells you that if you divorce her during Jacqueline's pregnancy, you can only go out of the house, so you don't take that step, it is now that is.
But maybe when it is time to change, you have enough, what you should do many years ago is dragged to the present, you have to show up with Jacqueline, but you still want to talk to Davis first, see the law tendency to tend to tend to the law.who.
It's so bad this week, Jacqueline and Marina are noisy.You can't figure out why Jacqueline does not show his face to Marina, but it seems that this situation has begun since the beginning of the year. It may be because the business is not as usual this year. Jacqueline should be dissatisfied with Marina for this.In addition to these things, you lost your wallet.
Marina's daughter Lucy, who has the same temperament and musical talent as you. You can't think of how she can be Harrandson. You think Lucy should be your daughter, but how can you confirm it?If Jonathan really has such a sister, they are so deed.
You work with Robin Fey. You just ended a high -profile tour. Robin's career has developed smoothly. This year is the first time he has joined your family's ski party.
Earlier this time, you accidentally heard that Amy and John were discussing divorce. Amy accused John that he dragged her freedom in this way. John did not respond much. No wonder the two of them did not talk to each other during this holiday.
You in the eyes of others: talented musician
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
About John Morgan's death:
When he fell down the stairs, you happened to be alone in the room.
other people:
Jacqueline Perry: Jacqueline is your wife. Although you care about her, you can't give love to Marina.
Marina Harrison: Marina is your wife and sister. You had a relationship with her many years ago. She made you feel the enthusiasm of Jacqueline with Jacqueline. You still love her, but you do n’t know if you do n’t knowShe feels about you.
Harold Harrison: Harold is Marina's husband. He is a rigid accountant. There is no music cell in his bones. You can't imagine how Marina lives with him.
Lucy Harrison: Lucy is very talented, you encourage her to practice diligently.Although you have no evidence, you suspect that she may be your daughter, not Harold.You have never said anything, you don't want to break the status quo, so you will hurt Marina, how do you love her so deep, how can you bear it.
Davis Perry: Your brother leaves in Marina. When Jacqueline is pregnant, he helps you to clean up the endgame, but you did not tell her the object of your derailment.
Robin Fey: You have worked with Robin for many years and have long been friends.Robin is a talented pianist and composer, and he is also commanded in the world -renowned Symphony Orchestra.
Joe Robertson: Joe Robertson, who is temporarily avoided in the wooden house, is actually an international criminal police. You recognize him at a glance. It has been a year since the last meeting. At that time, Qiao was investigating the drug smuggling case.Drugs are hidden in the violin sandwich.However, Qiao now claims to be a ski coach, and nothing must be wrong.