Davis Perry
You are a savvy lawyer, working in the city, earn a lot of money, and your life is smooth until this holiday comes.You have always been a happy single man. He has many dew, you love your exquisite life, and you also love you with unruly attitude: work hard and indulge.Women are always attracted by you, and you also use this to the extreme, getting older, the more beautiful.
The woman you have conquered recently is Marina Harrison, Daniel's wife and sister. Although this relationship lasted only a few months, you found that you don't know how to get out.You feel Marina's enthusiasm, but you are not sure that you feel about her.As a lawyer, you know that things may develop to a difficult situation. Maybe you should talk to Marina, although it is difficult to open up.Marina inspires the romance deep in your heart. You have been in a meeting several times this week. The attic is your favorite place because few people go.
However, the atmosphere of this holiday was bad, and Jacqueline and Marina almost quarreled for a week.You don't understand how Daniel can endure Jacqueline, you think she is unreasonable.Many years ago, you thought Daniel would divorce Jacqueline, and when he told you that he was dating others (but he didn't want to tell you who the other party was).But in the end, the woman left him, and Jacqueline was pregnant, so Daniel returned to the family in the child's share.Of course you support Daniel, you are here when he is seeking you.At that time, you advised him to stay with Jacqueline, because once he divorced, the house and other property were not available.
In addition, you may be responsible for John Morgan's death.Earlier that night, when everyone was preparing for dinner, you and Marina were meeting in the attic.When John climbed up the stairs and walked into the attic, he was hugging you and Marina enthusiastically, and he hurriedly retreated.
You hurriedly wanted to grab him to explain, but he must be threatened and retreated unconsciously.You couldn't hold him, but John fell down the stairs.You suddenly panicked. When you look down, you feel like someone is approaching John's body. You shrink back, so you don't see who the man is.Then you and Marina crossed John's body at the bottom of the stairs and returned to their bedrooms.
You in the eyes of others: Not reliable, because your lawyer's identity;
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death:
Now you have a chance to think about it. You really don't know if you have caused John's tragedy. Of course, this is not murder. You don't want to put him to death, but you know more than most people.This is not important. A good lawyer is enough to persuade the jury. You are the murderer, but you are not sure if John died just because he rolled down the stairs. Isn't it the mysterious person under the attic and killed him?
Earlier, John found that you want to modify your will. According to the information you know, he is planning to exclude his wife Amy outside the inheritance beneficiary.
other people:
Jacqueline Perry: Jacqueline is Daniel's wife. You never like her, and you can't figure out how Daniel would marry her.
Lucy Harrison: Lucy is Marina's daughter, a cute girl, delayed to go to college for a year, and after the holidays, they will study the law.You know that parents are petting her, but the legal industry is fiercely competitive, and you are not sure that Lucy is the material.Maybe you should talk to her about future career choices.
Harold Harrison: You know that Harold has never liked your Copeds, and never in favor of his career as a career, thinking that he should spend more time on the business of the racecourse.
Amy Morgan: Harold's sister is also John Morgan's wife. Does she know John wants to modify his will?