Harold Harrison
Character introduction
Professional accounting; in the eyes of others, you are generous, quiet, and a little nervous.You do have a keen mind. There are few conspiracy to escape your eyes. You may say less, but what you want to say is worth listening.
You love your family very much.Although Marina is not a good wife, she is enthusiastic, interesting, and energetic, and you love her deeply.She gave you a lovely daughter Lucy, as long as you are convinced that Marina has not doubted that you know the truth of your biological truth.The first marriage of you and Anna ended at the moment you discovered that you were infertile. At that time, it was your sister Amy who spent the hell -like years with you.
When you meet Marina, you let Amy promise not to reveal this secret to your wife.After two years of marriage, it was about 20 years ago. The marriage life was on the red light. You suspect that Marina had an affair.After learning that Marina was pregnant, you were happy to look forward to being a good father. The sudden joy made you completely ignore the biological father who is not a child. You did not want to figure out who was the child's father.
Since then, the warmth of the family has returned.However, recently, Marina is a bit abnormal. You suspect she is derailed again, but there is no evidence.You love this home, but if Marina is really derailed this time, it will destroy your trust in her for so many years, that is the real betrayal.You don't expect your reaction, you can forgive her once, but for the second time, your patience is almost exhausted.
Marina's life is not smooth sailing. She had severe heart disease when she was a child, and she did not fully recover his health until now.You did not tell Lucy and other family members to avoid excessive worry.
There is no joy of vacation at all this week. The quarrel between Jacquerlin and Marina has never stopped. The business in the racecourse is not as good as in previous years. This may be the root cause of them.You are the accounting of the racecourse, but Jacqueline is the person who is the original record.You don't understand why the business is not good this year, it seems that there is no situation, and Marina is as busy as usual.Is there any problem with the book book?Did Jacqueline remember wrong?You decided to go off this week, but never found the right time.
You are not very familiar with the two skiers who have just arrived, but you have some doubts about the people named Max Pike. Max claims that he works at Sleer & Leech accounting firms. You have heard of this firm.A multinational company provides money laundering services for some customers.You know very well that Max is an accountant, but which account is it?
You in the eyes of others: quiet, generous, shy, a little nervous
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly

John Morgan's death:
When John dropped the stairs, you should talk to Jacqueline.You saw John 5 minutes ago, and he asked you if you saw Davis.
You do know that John and AMY have been similar to Mo Road for many years, and you also know that John must know Lucy's life.Although Amy did not say, you think she is likely to mention your problem to John.
other people:
Lucy Harrison: Lucy is currently postponing to college for one year. You hope she can make good use of the opportunity to go to college, so you decide to talk to her about future career choices to ensure that she will not waste time, learn law or accounting, accumulate a certain qualifications, accumulate a certain qualifications,After getting more career opportunities.Of course you don't agree with her to learn music. In the future, it will live like a playboy Daniel, and he will rely on his wife Jacqueline's revenue.
Amy Morgan: Amy is your sister. You have always been close to her. She knows that Lucy is not your biological daughter, but never mentioned to Lucy and Marina because she knows that it will break your family.Amy married John Morgan, but the two had been in the Cold War for a long time. You know that they are considering divorce.
Jacqueline Perry: Jacqueline is Marina's sister, your little aunt.Jacqueline and Marina have always been very close, but there are always competition in Mingli, and they jointly operate the lakeside racecourse.
Max Pike: Max works at the Sleer & Leech Accounting Firm. The firm has an institution around the world, but it is not well represented. It is said that they have exchanges with the Black Party and other criminal organizations.