Jacqueline Perry
You hate your sister Marina and even prepare to kill him.You have always lived under her shadow, even when you are most needed to take care of the growth stage, she has snatched most of the care.Even if you are responsible for most of the work of the racecourse, the credit is mostly attributed to her (you are confident that you can lose the place of the racecourse business alone).You have worked together for nearly 10 years and are all experts for raising horses.You are responsible for bookkeeping because you don't believe in Marina.
In addition, you think Marina may snatched your husband Daniel.About a year ago, Daniel began to say dreams. Most of them were inexplicable, but one night he always said "Marina, I love you", it must be Marina seduced him.You love him deeply, don't want to lose him, and face it with him, so you decide to retaliate against Marina.You feel that you can drag the racecourse business through hand and feet on the account book, swallow money, destroy Marina, and then roll away.But that's too long, so you did something more extreme.
The difficulty of making fake accounts is to deceive Harold. He is the husband of Marina and an accountant of the racecourse.You retain two sets of accounts and carry the set of fake accounts with you, just to deal with the requirements of Harold's reconciliation. He wants to try to find the reason why the racecourse is in difficulty this year.
Recently, Marina's actions confirmed your suspicion about her derailment. When you should do it, you can't find her. Otherwise, it would be a hurry to appear.Earlier this week you finally couldn't control his anger to Marina, stretched out the ski stick to trip over her. Unexpectedly, she fell to Lucy, and Lucy's wrist was sprained.You feel guilty because you don't want to hurt Lucy.
Another annoyance is that your money is gone.Who stole it?Even Daniel's wallet was lost together.
Now ... as John Morgan's bizarre death, you never believe that Marina was innocent. She was strange. You guess that she was dating with Daniel at the time, although both claimed to stay in the room at the time.But you have no evidence.
When you and Marina were still hours, she had a serious heart disease, which caused the heart to be fragile now.When the snow was not falling in the morning, you picked some drills near the hut, and put it in the salad of dinner after chopping.Mao Dihuang will not have any harm to others, but it is enough to make Marina's life, but she looks like a sudden heart disease, which is enough to be false.
You in the eyes of others: quiet, depressed;
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death:
When John fell off the stairs, you were with Harold.You saw him five minutes ago, and he was asking if anyone saw Davis.
You do have the motivation to kill John. Fortunately, Harold can provide you with a certificate of absence.About a month ago, John discovered the real ledger you hid.You think you should have cheated him and convince him that it is just a copy, but the truth is unknown.
other people:
Daniel Perry: Daniel is your husband.Although you love him very much, he named him in the dream.About a year ago he kept calling Maryna in his dream, you had to believe that he and Mary Na were secretly together.
Jonathan Perry: Jonathan is your son. You can study in a freshman and study medicine. You are proud of him.
Marina Harrison: Before, your sisters are deeply affectionate, but now you know that she and your husband are dyed.You run a racecourse together, although you have undertaken most of his jobs, but most of the credit belongs to her.
Harold Harrison: Harold is your brother -in -law and an accountant of the racecourse.He doesn't know that you have the second set of real ledger.
Alex Harvey: Your cousin gets along well with you, but it is not as close as her and Marina (this is in line with Marina's style, and this deepen your disgust about her).Alex used to be an obstacle rider, and now he is a commentator of sports broadcast programs.