Joe Robertson
You are a ski coach, you are with your friend Max Pike.You are trapped in the mountain by Blizzard, and you have to temporarily live in the Flaonged House.
In fact, this is not completely correct.Although you are really teaching skiing, you also know Max, but that is not your real work. Your identity is a plainclothes detective of Interpol (Max is obviously unknown).Max Pike (real name Max Jones) works at Sleer & Leech multinational accounting firms. The office's account is so innocent that they can no longer be innocent, but they have business with business with criminal organizations, and they are almost well known.
Interpol is looking for a new way to get the inside information of the office, so you intentionally approach Max and become friends with him.The Interpol Organization believed that Max not only worked for money laundering for the firm, but also secretly made a stroke for himself.If you can confirm, you can use this as a threat to understand the truth of Sleer & Leech through Max.
So you are not only hypocritical and Max, but also with his thief to touch several times.Max is looking for you for you. You know the severity. This is just to wait for the timing and let Max gradually trust you until you confess to you, or wait for the moment when the iron certificate appears.You look forward to tonight ...
You are convinced that Max has skiped from France to Switzerland to meet the liner, and then the lineman deposits money to the Swiss account.You don't know how Max has transferred money, but what you really need is the bank account that gives it to Interpol and arrest Max.You know that Max wrote it on a note, you just need to find the note, and then copy the numbers.
You recognized Daniel Perry, he is a very good cello player.A year ago, you met him for investigating a case of smuggling drugs using violin expansion.You don't know if he recognizes you, but you'd better talk to him, this matter should not be too late.
You in the eyes of others: full of energy, can control global ski coaches;
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death:
John Morgan's death makes you dilemma. In order to make Max ropes, you try not to investigate some small crimes, but the murder is not small, so you must investigate, but you cannot expose the identity of your plaid detective.
When John Morgan died, you were staying downstairs with Max, closer to Harold and Jacqueline.
other people:
Max Pike: Max Jones's real name is Max Jones, laundering money for Sleer & Leech, a multinational accounting firm.
Amy Morgan: You accidentally heard the conversation with her husband (John), and she was asking her husband when she could agree to divorce.
Lucy Harrison and Jonathan Perry: You hear the two of them discuss the elope of the two. Obviously, they don't want to let the parents of both parties discover, but you don't know the reason.