Jonathan Perry
You are still studying in a freshman, studying medicine.You like to study medicine very much. Although it is hard, you are happy, but it is also a good adjustment to relax the holidays.Unfortunately, your mother and your aunt Marina can't get along well. Since they have come here, the two have kept quarreling.
You avoid them.Fortunately, you have a lot of time to get along with Lucy's cousin.She is really a pleasant, you have always been attracted by her, green and bamboo horses.And starting this holiday, you become more intimate ...
Lucy was postponed for a year, and she was about to study the law, but she was not here. The music was her chasing career, but her parents would not agree.Lucy hopes to make them accept her to learn music in this year, but her delicate suggestion has no effect.
This holiday is really good. The only problem is how to keep secrets. You know that your parents are not ready and accept you to fall in love with your cousin.But when you kiss, you are accidentally by your aunt's friend Alex Harvey.What will happen next will be unpredictable, but you don't think she has preached to everyone. Maybe you can persuade Alex to conservative secrets for you (John Morgan also hit you and hug with Lucy, but now you never need to use it againWorried that he would tell others).
You and Lucy are determined to be together.You have never been so crazy about other girls.If you are married to Lucy, your parents do not agree to accept it, but the problem is that you don't have that much money, so you start to steal.You flipped your parents' wallet, but it was not enough. You need at least $ 1,000. Lucy does not know that you stole it. You plan to talk to her again and see if she can make some money from her parents.
The money of stealing your parents did not make you feel guilty, because your mother disappointed you. Earlier this week you saw her stuck her aunt Marina with a ski stick. As a result, my aunt fell to Lucy and took it withPour Lucy, causing Lucy's wrist to be sprained.You think it's all the ghosts of your mother, you don't feel guilty in your heart.
Enjoy this night.
You in the eyes of others: smart and kind;
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death:
When everyone is preparing for the dinner, you and Lucy are staying in your room.When you heard the sound in the corridor, opened the door to find out, and found that the floor door to the attic was turned on, and the loft was still lit, followed by a loud noise.You guess that he is dead. The outline of the wallet is very clear under the jacket. When you see the opportunity, you steal the $ 200 inside, and then you hear the sound of the Suso from the attic, and see someone.The back of the back flashed, so you hurried back to the house, Lucy was still waiting for you in the room, but you did not tell her that you took the money in John's wallet.
Judging from the back, you feel that the person who stayed in the attic did not stand with John. It seemed more like John wanted to get out quickly, so you believe that John should fall from the attic.Express.
John also knows your relationship with Lucy, but you don't know if he talked to others.
other people:
Daniel Perry: You love your father very much, although you know that if he finds that you and Lucy are elopeing, it will be furious.
Jacqueline Perry: Your mother and aunt Marina run the hierarchy of the lake together, but recently your mother seems to be in a hurry because of the racecourse business. Although you don't know what happened, he can see that she blame Aunt Marina to mess up the business.
Davis Perry: Your uncle is a lawyer and your idol in life.
Lucy Harrison: Lucy is your cousin. It is difficult to imagine that your aunt Marina and uncle Harold can educate such a perfect daughter. You have been deeply attracted by Lucy. This holiday starts, and you finally come together.