Lucy Harrison
You are tired of this holiday, and your mother and aunt Jacqueline kept arguing.They run a racecourse together, and you think the most impossible for them to do is to take a vacation together, but they once again gathered home ski holidays.If it weren't for Jonathan, you would definitely push your mother and aunt together to push the ski lift together.
Jonathan is perfect. You have also been in love, but never like this time.Parents on both sides cannot agree (Jonathan is your cousin), but you don't care.You two have planned to elope, just wait for Jonathan to get enough money.
In September, you should go to college, but you are currently planning to postpone it for a year. He came up with this idea to fight for your parents during this time and let them agree that you would not study the law.You love music and you are willing to become a pianist in the future.Your father may support you, but you think your mother may not be willing.But maybe your father can convince her?
Helplessly, you sprained your wrist this week.At that time, when you stood beside your mother, and when the aunt Jacquelin fell, the ski stick tripped your mother. Your mother was unstable, danced with both hands, grabbed you, and then both of you fell. YouThe wrist was sprained.This is not serious, but it really hurts. You can't ski.
Fortunately, Jonathan makes you feel happy.It is embarrassing that when you kissing Jonathan, you are hit by Elex (your mother's cousin and friend). You don't know if she told your parents, but you are sure she told your uncle John Morgan.
Another thing makes you worry that your diary is gone, and the diary records your strong love for Jonathan, and also mentioned your elopement plan.In any case, you have to find it in front of your parents.
You in the eyes of others: beautiful, clever, gentle
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death: When everyone is preparing for the dinner, you are staying with Jonathan in his room.Suddenly he said something sounded and then rushed out of the room, and then you heard a "bang".After a while, Jonathan came back and told you that John fell from the attic of attic.
Soon you know that John died. His relationship with you and Jonathan is informed, but is John Morgan's death related to Jonathan?
other people:
Harold and Marina Harrison: You love your parents. Although your mother is sometimes too eager to be concerned, your father is always loved to protect you at all times, focusing on you.
Jacqueline Perry: Auntie Jacqueline and your mother run the lakeside racecourse together. The business is very popular, but you heard that this time, the entire holiday aunt did not look at your mother.
Daniel Perry: You and uncle Daniel are really fate. Both of you love music, you play the piano, he pulls the violin.
Jonathan Perry: This holiday has a rapid progress of your relationship with his cousin Jonathan, and you have loved him deeply.You understand that your family will not agree with you to marry close relatives, but you have studied the law. The combination of cousin and sister is not illegal.
Davis Perry: Although Davis is an uncle Daniel's brother, he is not like an uncle.Davis is a lawyer in the city and has a savvy mind.
Amy Morgan: Amy tells you that she needs some money to buy her favorite antique clock, but Elex had not paid back the money she borrowed from her to buy paintings. She had to find ElexI borrowed someone else.