Marina Harrison
You are inherently chasing danger, stimuli, and presence, because you like skiing, only this year's ski vacation.You have been married to Harold for 20 years, and your freshness has already faded.Harold is an accountant and never understands romance and passion.Although you like him too, you are more eager to stimulate, which leads you to derailment.
Marriage life is not what you want. After the first spark went out, you found that Harold was boring.He is a good person, he is generous, he is very loving, but he is slightly older for you.Soon after marriage, you have a relationship with Daniel Perry. Daniel Perry is your sister Jacqueline's husband.Daniel was extremely lost, but at the same time, your sister was pregnant (that is, Jonathan).You think that Daniel is the biological father of Lucy, but you have no evidence. Of course, Harold does not know all this. He is very happy to be a father.
You love your daughter Lucy, and are willing to pay for her. She is a beloved girl. She is going to university to study law in September. She is currently resting for a year and looks forward to knowing the world.It was a pity that she sprained her wrist during this holiday. At that time, Jacqueline was not far from the ski lift. She suddenly fell to me and pushed me to Lucy aside.
Now Lucy has also begun to have your own life. More time is that you are with Harold, and gradually you start to miss the pleasure that Daniel brings you.Not long ago, you started dating frequently with his brother Davis, which is also your love, and you have secretly been together for several months.Davis is wild and passionate. Harold is dull and boring. In contrast, you have a deeper understanding that marriage is like a barrier.
However, this holiday is not very good. Your sister Jacqueline has been cold for several months. You want to use this holiday to improve each other's relationship. In desperation, she is even more dissatisfied with you, and your patience is almost exhausted.You can only guess whether there is a problem with the operation of the racecourse. You have been running this racecourse for nearly 10 years.She mentioned that this year's business is not good, but you haven't seen any changes. You are still busy as before, so this must be her fault. If she can't do it, mayIt's right.
Unfortunately, you have no crime, and you will sudden heart disease at dinner tonight.The host will remind you when you are ill in advance, and then you must perform the death of death and impress, and grab your heart deadly.But before that moment, please be as usual.
You in the eyes of others: noisy, full energy, eager to be followed
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death: Earlier that night, when everyone was preparing for the dinner, when you were in the attic of Davis, when you hugged it intimately, your brother -in -law John walked into the stairs and almost walked into the attic.You didn't see what happened next. Davis ran forward to explain, and then John fell heavily from the stairs and made a "bang".You and Davis ran back to the house quickly, and did not communicate about it.
The problem is that you have to compile the story. You can never just say that you are in the attic instead of explaining what to go to the attic ...
other people:
Harold Harrison: You are Harold's second wife (he has never talked about his ex -wife Anna), and you two have been married for more than 20 years.The Harolders are very good and generous. You are the world in his eyes, but he is a bit boring.For Lucy, he is a good father, but you are just a boring husband.
Lucy Harrison: Lucy is your daughter, bright and moving, and she has unsuccessful to affect your nerves.You are proud of her about to study the law.
Jacqueline Perry: You and your sister Jacqueline run the racecourse together. The business has always been popular, but Jacqueline said that the money made this year is not as good as in previous years.She accounts for accounting, Harold is an accounting of a racecourse.
Daniel Perry: Daniel is Jacqueline's husband, of course, your brother -in -law.Many years ago you had a relationship with Daniel, and it was likely that he was Lucy's father, and of course you never told him.
Davis Perry: Davis is Daniel's younger brother. He is a famous lawyer. He is just like you to stimulate. You are meeting with him. The idea of elopeing with him is itchy, but you can't bear to make Lucy feel heartache.
Amy Morgan: Amy is Harold's sister, who has a strong desire to protect Harold, and you are not very close to her.
Alex Harvey: Elix is your cousin and the best friend. You have not talked to her about the past with Daniel, but you recently told Elex that you are with Davis.