Max pike
You are a accountant. When Blizzard came, he and his friend Joe Robertson ski on the Alps. The bad weather allowed you to temporarily live in the Fangfang worship.
But this is not the whole of facts.Your real name is Max Jones, working at Sleer & Leech multinational accounting firms.Sleer & Leech has a group of unknown customers who are all criminals.Here, your talent's talent is fully displayed.You are like a Money Magician, and the "black money" of your hand can no longer be white (in fact, this is why you coincided with Sleer & Leech at the beginning).
You are really good for money laundering, and you can escape tens of thousands of taxes from it. No one except experts will notice it.
In the office, you are top, you don't have to worry about someone surpassing you at all.You are currently planning to transfer $ 80,000 to the designated Swiss bank account.The money was sewn into your wide red and blue ski jacket (now the coat was hung on the cloak). You want to ski through the remote mountain trail, reach Switzerland, meet your liner Kristin Dunn, and then putThe ski jacket was replaced by her.
Joe is a ski coach, and at the same time, it is also a superb pickpocket, you two at first sight.Joe doesn't know about $ 80,000, but after you pick up with Christine, you will be frank to him.I hope that after the snow will stop tomorrow, Christine can come.
Everything goes well until the snow is under the next time, you and Qiao can only come to the "crazy" cabin.The two people living here were quarreling all day, and they were all vicious. You can't wait to leave here.But you lost the Swiss bank account (you wrote on a small note), you need that number of numbers, because you only remember it on that paper, someone must findWho, then come back.
After meeting Qiao, you joined forces to steal a few times. You see the person who starts, and then Joe goes to touch the bag.You are convinced that these two people must be willing to donate some holiday fees to you.Qiao is the best pickpocket you meet. As long as you look at the target, Joe can scrape some oil and water from these rich people.
But you have to be careful. You have heard someone complaining (as if it is Daniel) his own wallet is gone. It is likely that someone is a thief. If you can find who you are, you can take the opportunity to blackmail him.
You in the eyes of others: a charming person, a dark horse;
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death:
When John Morgan fell off the stairs, you and Harold and Jacquelin were just downstairs.In fact, you are a little lucky, because when you enter the door, John helps you take off the ski jacket and hang it on the shelf. He did ask a few small questions. You doubt whether he found any suspicious places.
However, you did not kill him, please make sure no one points to you.
other people:
Joe Robertson: Joe is the coach of your skiing and improvement class. You have become good friends and have joined together several times.But Joe didn't know the secret in your ski jacket.
Harold Harrison: Harold is an accountant.If you have known that there are famous professionals here, you may make another story.Unfortunately, you know too late, you have a bad feeling, you think Harold can see that you are lying.
Marina Harrison: She is Harold's wife. You suspect that she has a private relationship with Davis, and they look at each other's eyes.You don't know if others in the cabin know or not.
Lucy Harrison: You found a diary earlier, and after sweeping it a few times, you know that the diary is Lucy. There are many secrets in it. Obviously, Lucy does not want the diary to fall into the hands of other people (such as her parents), youPerhaps this can be used to blackmail her.