Robin Fey
You are a friend invited by Perry, and met Daniel at work.You are a professional pianist, composer and conductor, as commander in the world -renowned orchestra, Daniella cello.
This is the first time you have been invited to participate in the ski vacation of the Perry family, but it is also the last time that you enjoy skiing in the mountains, but Perry and Harrison quarreled all day, and the relaxed holiday atmosphere disappeared.In fact, not both of them participated, mainly because Marina and Jacqueline were noisy.
This endless quarrel is not your most worried thing. You also plan to investigate the lakeside racecourse operated by the two sisters.Daniel once told you that the racecourse business is booming. He is proud of Jacqueline, but since these two sisters are so fierce, does it mean that there is a problem with the racecourse business?You should see if you can find some clues. You know that Marina's husband Harold is an accountant. He should have a ledger or more inside story.
Daniel's son Jonathan looks like a good guy, you once thought so.Earlier this time, you saw that he was stealing his father's wallet. Daniel complained to you before that the money was gone. Now you think you have found a suspect.But should you tell Daniel, or directly find Jonathan to say what you see?Jonathan is an adult, maybe you should talk to him directly.
Once, after you ended a performance with Daniel, he sat in the bar. He told you that he felt that he had married the wrong person. The person he really loved in his heart was Marina.Now you stay with him every day, and naturally you can see that he still loves her, but you see that Marina and Davis have intentionally avoided everyone.Daniel may still love Marina, but do you think Marina's vision has already turned elsewhere. Do you think Daniel doesn't know, but does he run to tell him it?
When the snow was not falling this morning, you saw Jacqueline go out to pick flowers. A cluster of the Alps outside the hutting house was open to the ground. You did not see her put the picking flowers in the living room and other places. Then she must beIt was resting in his own house.
You in the eyes of others: extraordinary musicians;
Tip: Talk to everyone-find your real friend;
Use your energy card-there will be no rewards if you keep it;
If you help others achieve their goals, then they will help you accordingly
John Morgan's death:
When John fell from the stairs, you were staying alone in the room.When you hear the sound, you run out of the room and see John's body lying on the corridor.You do see the door of Jonathan's bedroom, you are not sure what it means.
other people:
Lucy Harrison: Lucy is the daughter of Harold and Marina. If Daniel can really know people, Lucy is likely to be an excellent musician in the future.Discovering genius is your interest. Maybe you should talk to her and encourage her to develop in music.
Jacqueline Perry: Jacqueline really didn't like Marina. You saw her deliberately tripped Marina. As a result, when Marina fell, she brought Lucy next to her, causing Lucy's wrist to be sprained.
Harold Harrison: According to what you see, Harold knows that his wife has an affair and he hides hard, but "acting" is not very good.
Amy Morgan: You saw Amy picked up the note that Max accidentally dropped, and you felt that she hadn't returned yet.