Character story
You were born in Suzhou, and have been assigned to the "Baili Village" big landlord [Yao], the young master [Yao Mengren] from an early age. Three years ago (1911), you were married to the door and became a bride.
Your father [Chen Qingwu] and [Yao Mengren] ’s father [Yao Changshou] worked for the big boss of“ Farang Commercial Bank ”[Master Meng]. Your father is mainly responsible for [Meng] the business in Suzhou-there are two in Suzhou.Settle the dolls.You met with [Yao Mengren] for the first time when you were a kid, and we wore a "golden lock" (the word "Meng" was engraved on the lock on your longevity lock).Later, [Master Meng] had something to do with home, and your father took over all industries in Suzhou in Suzhou.
Your father values money in particular-when you were a kid, give your mother-in-law (a piece of silver) to the beggars outside (the mother often tells you that it will help people with difficulties), the servant [Chen Shitian] said that your father was furious,Let him go back immediately.
When you get married, your father gives you a ren-he asked you to find out what was hidden in "Baili Village" in [Master Meng] and where is it, [Yao Changshou] to find-Even your husband and father -in -law must hide.
Your husband [Yao Mengren] Although it grows in "Baili Village", he appreciates the trend of progress outside and often talks about "equality" and "freedom"-but he can't let go of the young master's shelves, and treat the servants at will casuallyRoll.
[Yao Changshou] At that time, she married a new wife [Lady Hong], [Yao Mengren] quarreled with him for this.[Yao Mengren] I often tell you that he has been sufficient to be the "curse" homeowner's home, so let him stay here to let him die!You don't know how to persuade him, I didn't expect this to be fulfilled quickly ...
After marriage, the bride and the groom will return to the mother's house according to the custom (return to the door).Deep, he did not show up.After waiting for a few days, you still do n’t see people. My father asked [Chen Anqiao] to send you back to “Baili Village”. Then you know that your husband died on the day you returned!
[Yao Changshou] said that [Yao Mengren] had an acute illness that would be contagious. After death, he put it into the coffin immediately. If you didn't see the last side of your husband, take off the red dress and replace it on the filial piety.[Yao Mengren ]'s brother [Yao Zhongyi] at this time also rushed back from Beijing to mourn.
Deep in the north of the village (the road entering there from outside the woods, only the talents of the Yao family know), there is a yellowed land, a gray -white two -story foreign museum is covered in the middle, and the outer wall of the foreign museum is covered.[Yao Mengren] The grave was built east of the museum, built with masonry, and the monument in front of the grave was engraved with "the tomb of the Yao family's not Xiaozi Meng Ren".
The main entrance of the Yangtze Museum is firmly locked by the "big lock" of the special lock hole (flat mouth) (the lock with the remaining French blue painting)., Send someone to send meals every day-you have lived in it since then-because the floor on the first floor of the Yangtze Museum often has strange smells, you live on the second floor.
The work of delivery is responsible for [Chen Anqiao]. She also brings you a "wooden cage", which contains one white and one ash two carrier pigeons-you recognize that this was raised by his father.It is likely to be a place for treasures here!If you find anything, write to him immediately and send it back to Suzhou with a pigeon.
Soon after you lived, you found the weirdness of the Western Museum. There were no mosquitoes here, and there were very few tide. You wrote it all, and the pigeon pigeons were given to your father.After receiving the letter, my father put the pigeons into the "wooden cage" and brought it to you from [Chen Anqiao]. Sometimes she hung the "wooden cage" on the tree outside the museum."Wooden cage" waited for her to take away.
One night about half a month ago, when you heard a layer of movement, you lifted the lights. When you saw someone explore everywhere on the floor, when you illuminated the light, he wanted to escape, but stepped on a piece of rotten.The wooden board fell down, and there were many dust under the floor, and the taste was nose.You cover your nose and see the man climbing out of the pit and running away ... You want to write a letter to tell your father, but you can see that the "wooden cage" in the room is empty (you all the pigeons in the morningFlying, forget to hung the empty "wooden cage" back to the woods).
You went out with the "empty wooden cage" and heard the exclamation of the child in the woods. You ran over and saw a puppet hiding under the tree. Several poisonous snakes were looking up at him to vomit.Only the trees drove the poisonous snake in the past.The poisonous snake was scattered immediately, and the naughty boy saw you, but ran away madly ...
If you are at a loss, return to the door of the museum with "empty wooden cage" and meet [Yao Zhongyi] -You tells him what just now-you don't know how the poisonous snake escapes.[Yao zhongyi] As a guarantee to you, he will check this matter.You see his expression so serious, you can't help laughing.
Yesterday (August 2) afternoon
You just retrieve the white pigeons in the "wooden cage" from the woods today.You still leave the "wooden cage" in the woods and simply write down the thing that night when the naughty boy, tied to the leg of the white pigeon, and went to the balcony to fly.
You watched the white pigeon hovering in the air, and you can't help but envy-you are still trapped in the cage now. You have to wait for the filial piety to be filial before you can start your own life.in less than a year.
The pungent smell came from the balcony. You bowed your head to see the Yangtze Museum burning on the first floor of the Yangtze Museum, rolling black smoke to open his teeth and dance, and the blue flame kept rushing towards the second floor.White pigeons worked hard to pass through the black smoke and flew out of the woods ... The room behind me was quickly swallowed by the fire. Black smoke made you only close your eyes and work hard to climb high-you feel for a whileDizzy, I did n’t stand firm under my feet, and I fell down from the height ... You fell to the ground and felt that a pair of powerful arms caught you. Before you had time to see who it was, you lost consciousness.
When you wake up, your eyes are blurred, as if you and [Yao Mengren] in the bedroom (old house on the first floor) in the house of [Yao].When you see someone in front of you, you can't see it clearly. He claims to be [Uncle GUI] and is diagnosing you.You are very scared.[Uncle GUI] It is said that your eyes have begun to be crowded and crying due to smoking "sulfur toxins", and "toxic visual dysfunction" appears, and there are some burns, but as long as the treatment is timely, there will be no sequelae.
Then he gave you medicine (you don't know what medicine), and told you to change the medicine for an hour. Don't open your eyes in the past few days.You listen to what he said earnestly, so you can rest assured.
You hear a woman's praise [UNCLE GUI], and then they leave you in the dark, you can endure loneliness as usual.After a long time, someone talks to you, like the voice of [Yao Zhongyi], you ask him to help you go to the master bedroom to see the father -in -law [Yao Changshou], and the gift of daughter -in -law.
When you come to the master bedroom on the first floor, before you speak, you hear a aging voice and say, "My Meng Ren is back ... I saw him ..." You were surprised, at this time, there was some at this time.The things fell, the ground made a sound, you heard the rapid breathing sound, and the aging sound: "I found it ... you want to grab it ..."
You do n’t know if this is true or not, you ca n’t confirm it yourself, and you are in a hurry to shed tears. Then you hear the sound of [Uncle GUI]. He let people send you back, remember to change the medicine again tonight.[Yao zhongyi] I helped you return to the room and changed the medicine for you. You asked his husband's affairs. He answered that his father was very sick and started to talk nonsense.
Yesterday (August 2) evening
Except for clearing tables or clocks in the game, it is an estimated time, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
(?:?) You ca n’t fall asleep, constantly fantasizing miracles, and your husband will come back suddenly.As you recall your short-lived wedding life, you get up from the bed, constantly explore, and want to find a "golden lock" from the drawer by the bed-you will collect it here after your husband's death.
(?:?) You suddenly touched a woman's hand. You immediately asked who it was, but no one answered.When you touch it again, your hands are gone, and you find "Golden Lock" from the drawer.
(?:?) You hear someone coming in, what you look for near you, and you tightly hold the "Golden Lock", and you are relieved until you hear people go out-you find that your hearing is more sensitive than to usual.
(?:?) You heard the sound of "touch" outside the window and came up from the west.
(?:?) Someone on the west of the west shouted "yao zhongyi".
(?:?) The sound of "touch" came from the window, which was longer than the last time I heard, but you can’t hear the sound from what direction upstairs
(?:?) Some things fell to the east underground.
(?:?) You hear the sound of things falling from outside the door, and there is a fear in your heart again, put on the "golden lock of the golden golden life", and prayed secretly, carefully touched the house, and wanted to go out to find someone to ask what happened.-You can't see it, you can only find it slowly with feelings and memory, and it took a long time to touch the door.
(?:?) When you come to the corridor, you look forward to the news of your husband. Suddenly a pair of strong hands support you, you grabbing his clothes, and you can't help asking him: "Is it you?" The other party replied: "It's me, I haven't forgotten you all these years -suzhou girl · ... when I saw you in Suzhou, you took this long life lock ... "You listen to his listening to himThe voice was dumb and excited, thinking of the first time I met with her husband in Suzhou when I was a kid. He called you "sunge girl".As soon as your nose sour, the tears flowed down again. He immediately said, "Whoever wants to bully you, I want his life!" You have been with him for a short time after marriage, but he said that his temper has never been.Change-he will help you return to the room and send you back to bed.
(?:?) When you hear footsteps, his voice disappeared.The sound of [yao zhongyi] appeared in his ear, and he asked your eyes.Do you ask him who else is there?He answered no-you didn't believe it, and said to him, "I met your elder brother ..." [Yao Zhongyi] suddenly said, "Impossible! He is dead-I see it with my own eyes!"If you fall, someone runs out. There seems to be another person's breath around, but there is no other noise, and no one will talk to you anymore.
(?:?) There was a sound of "touch" outside the gate.
(?:?) You hear someone talking outside the gate, and there is a woman's voice.
(?:?) You heard the sound outside the window. You touched the window and asked, "Is it you?" Then something fell to the east and ran towards the door.After that, there was a silence outside, and you were restless and took off your jewelry to rest.
Today (August 3) morning
[Chen Anqiao] Come to help you change the medicine early in the morning and help you go to the living room.Suddenly someone said that a corpse was found-because the carriage that did not leave the village last night, the real murderer must be hidden here.You don’t know if your husband is in the hall now, but your intuition tells you that he must have returned ...
(Living room) Who is the real murderer?
Everyone can investigate other people's rooms or find witnesses and clues to infer the truth of the case.
Others you already know
1. Yao Mengren: Your husband, the eldest son of [Yao Changshou], died three years ago (1911).
2. Yao zhongyi: [Yao Mengren ]'s brother, and your husband is not a mother -in -law. You saw him after your husband's death. He was sent to Beijing to study before.
3. Yao Changshou: Your father -in -law is also your father [Chen Qingwu] his colleagues (the original owner surnamed Meng), and now he is the landlord of "Baili Village".He suddenly said that your husband was back last night, and you were surprised and happy, but [Yao Zhongyi] said that he was sick, and he was all sick.
4. Lady Hong: [Yao Changshou ]'s successor, on the day of your husband out of his husband, she did not go to the funeral.
5. Chen Anqiao: [Chen Shitian] daughter is larger than you, and you are your cousin according to your blood.She came to "Naoli Village" with you, stayed in the mansion as a maid, and was responsible for sending you food to you, secretly conveying messages and sending dumplings.After her father [Chen Shitian] was looking for a beggar for money, you never saw him (you heard that he stole your father's things).
6. You don't know others now.