Character story
You are not a real "doctor".Your name is [Yu Junhong], from the capital, your father [Yu Beichen] is a geologist who stayed in Britain (in Wuzheng, he abandoned his scientific research and changed its geology).Your mother's surname [Ren] is a family of medical practice in Beijing.When you were a kid, you lived in a grandfather's house with your mother. It was not until your grandfather (Ren Zhongyuan) was hired to go to Taiyuan as a housekeeper. You accompany your mother with your father, and often moved because of work.Flowing, you know the customs and drugs in various places, and you have been practicing with martial arts of foreign schools since childhood.
When you were a teenager (1900), I went to a villa in the suburbs of Shanghai with your father. The villa owner [Meng Shen] is a chemist and your father's friend.Your father often helps him find test raw materials (such as sulfur, nitrogen, coal mine, etc.).Once, your father found a group of special "Yingshi". After processing, he stored the finished product into the "Baili Village" near the villa.You met [Yao Zhongyi] there. In the same year as you, his father [Yao Changshou] was the local rent of "Meng Shen" in charge of" Baili Village ", and the family lived in the mansion.
The person responsible for receiving your father is [Meng] Fang [Fang Chengshhan].One day, you saw that he and your father were pulled back to the mansion by a surname [FAN], and he was looking for [Steward DU], and then someone ran in and said: After something happened, the "Brothers of the Li Family" did not run out ...··· [fang chengshan] The daughter of the daughter looked at you and other children, and adults went out together ... After your father came back, his expression was heavy.
In 1903, [Yao ZHONGYI] came to Beijing to study and sent it in your house, like a brother.Three years ago (1911), he went back to mourn because of his elder brother's death.
About half a month ago, [Yao Zhongyi] mentioned that there was a "strange thing" in his family in the letter, please go to Suzhou to find him.You are curious about "strange things", and have disappeared with your friends for many years. After receiving the "letter", you will go south immediately, and start an unexpected thrilling journey.
You went to Suzhou to live in "Linchi Inn", sent a telegram to [Yao Zhongyi], and waited for him to meet.
Yesterday (August 2) afternoon
[Yao zhongyi] Come over to pick you up. You go to "Baili Village" by carriage and talk about the story of Tiannan and North on the road. From the end of the Qing Dynasty to the Republic of China, you have never mentioned that "strange things" -You finally asked, [Yao Zhongyi], who was still flying, immediately lost a smile. He said: "When I wrote to Brother Yu, I really wanted to ask Brother Yu to find out a strange thing-I did not expect this to be a" curse ＇······· I have a discounted request now, Brother Yu must agree!"
It turns out that the father of [Yao Zhongyi] [Yao Changshou] is now a great landlord in the village. He suddenly illnessed not long ago. He hired a western medicine for treatment from the relay [Lady Hong] at a high price.[Yao zhongyi] I want to invite you to play a "physician" who stayed abroad. He invited him to ask for the name to avoid outsiders and ask [Yao Changshou] in private.You see what he said seriously, and immediately ask him what is going on?
"How did my elder brother Yao Mengren die that year!" When he said this, he grabbed his fists.
At this time, the carriage has arrived at the destination- [Yao] The house (a foreign building with a terrace) is located in the north of the village, leaning against a forest-there is where you and [Yao Zhongyi] met.
[Yao zhongyi] Take you to the room on the second floor (there are rooms on the terrace, the fence between the terrace is not high), and the key to your room is given.After you set up your luggage, come to the living room on the first floor and see the current hostess [Lady Hong] (she and a doctor dressed up are talking. After you come in, the woman dressed by the doctor leaves away)-[Yao zhongyi] When you introduce you according to the plan, the enthusiasm of [Lady Hong] surprised you.
A [Short-Haired Woman] with luggage came to the lobby. She was in her early twenties, wore light-colored sugar leather clothes, trousers leather boots, and a long wrapped with "green cloth".She said she was looking for [XU BOQING].[Yao zhongyi] Immediately got up and took her to the second floor.[Lady Hong] Frowning and said to you, "Physician yu is far away, please take a night first, and diagnose the husband tomorrow."
You still remember "strange things" and want to go out and inquire.[Lady Hong] The expression eased, telling you that there is a tavern "Emerald Residence" in the village. Young people should taste the "drunk one day" there, and then she warns you, don't go to the north of the village, there is ""Bad things".
You are not interested in wine and wine, but you want to know what the "bad thing" is. After you leave the house, you immediately go there-The forest branches of the north of the village are leafy, and you dare not enter it until you find that there is a tree on the tree.The engraved "mark", you know that this is a way to prevent lost, just looking for "marks" and walking deep into the depths.
After you walked for a while, you found that the abnormality is that it is now in early August. The temperature in the woods is normal than the outside, but the surrounding insects do not know when it disappears ...Next you is a "living body".
You walk into the depths of the woods.The last tree engraved with a "mark" is a empty "wooden cage". Not far away is a yellowed land. There is a gray -white two -story museum in the middle.Being a "big lock" (lock "(locking the French blue painting) is firmly locked, the flat -shaped lock holes have been embroidered with spots, I wonder how long it has been locked.
When you walk to the east of the Museum of the Museum, you see a grave built by a masonry, and the monument in front of the grave is engraved with "the tomb of the Yao family's not Xiaozi Meng Ren".At this time, there was no sound from the second floor of the Yangtze Museum.You climb up a big tree, and see a [Long-Haired Girl] in white through the branches and leaves, holding a white pigeon on the balcony, she looks beautiful, but she is very pale, as if I haven't seen light for many years.There is no ren's makeup on the face-you feel inexplicably chilling, and you can't help asking herself: Who is she, why is she locked inside?
Your Yu Guang noticed that the monument in front of the grave moved a bit. You thought it was dazzling. If you look closely, the monument is slowly moving aside.Looking up at the sky, the monument slowly closed-you never believed in "meeting ghosts during the day", and immediately thought that there must be "agencies".
After the "figure" left, you ran over to check and saw that there was a track under the monument, but he couldn't find a switch for a while.You put these questions in your heart and are ready to ask [Yao Zhongyi] one by one.
When you return to the original road, you smell a pungent smell, and when you look back, you can see the Burning Museum burning!You run back immediately, the fire has swallowed the foreign museum on the first floor, and the rolling black smoke dancing the claws, accompanied by the unpleasant smell.[Long-Haired Girl] Both eyes are closed, standing on the railing of the second floor balcony, and shaking. As soon as you call her, she fell from it.
You rushed over to pick her up, and hugged her to the ground with the trend. Both arms were injured and painful.At this time, the fire is getting bigger and bigger. You can't care about scratching and burning. He supports [Long-Hired Girl] to see that she has been unconscious. You can wake her up, hold her with one arm, and run out of the woods.
You feel dizzy without running far, thinking that there is poison in the smoke-you dare not stop, the fire behind you is ruthless, you can only hold your teeth and cover the mouth and nose of [Long-Hired Girl] with your hands, holding her desperately to go out and go out.Run, I think I must save people.Finally you meet a [man with a messy hair], and he holds you with a hand, and you close your eyes with confidence.
You open your eyes again and see yourself lying on the bedroom bed. [Yao Zhongyi] and [Man with a messy hair] are helping you handle the wound-your scratching on your body is treated and disinfected.[Yao zhongyi] Seeing that you wake up, quickly bring you water, and thank you for [man with a messy hair].After you drink water, you are lethargic.
Yesterday (August 2) evening
Except for clearing tables or clocks in the game, it is an estimated time, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
(?:?) You heard the sound of "bang" in your sleep, but your body couldn't wake up.
(23:00) You open your eyes, and the sky outside the terrace is already dark.The sound of "bang" sounded again, just like what I heard before-you are sure it is not something in a dream.
(23:10) You walk out of the guest room and watch the room door on the second floor.You walk to the balcony on the second floor, see a "black jazz hat", block the face with "white scarf", and still wear [mysterious people] with "sunglasses" at night. He leaned on the "railings" on the balconyThere is a "green cloth" on the ground.
Who do you ask him?[Mysterious Man] Hurry up and hide the original voice and say, "Boy, don't care about leisure, go back to your house!" You carefully looked at him by the moonlight, but still could not see the looks.
[Mysterious Man] Pick up a "quick rifle", pointing to you and said, "Boy, are you impatient?" You immediately raised your hand and buried it forward while he was not prepared.One palm was cut on his wrist and knocked the "Faste Rifle".You rolled your palms to pat his chest, [Mysterious Man] fell backwards and hit the "railings" east of the balcony.You kicked the "Fast Rifle" and picked up the "Green Cloth" and tied his arms.He struggled a few times, but couldn't break away.Unexpectedly, the "railings" on the balcony suddenly folded, and it fell below. Thanks to the "green cloth" tied to him, he didn't let him fall.
(23:20) [Mysterious man] The horror was not sure, and the trembling sounded to you, "More ... thank you!" You let go of him, he immediately avoided you and walked away quickly.If you think your arms are painful, you hang the "green cloth" on the balcony and move your limbs. Fortunately, it is not a big deal.
(23:30) When you go back to the room, you can see a "Taihu Silver Fish" on the ground at the ground at the door of your door. If you think that you don't have dinner, you can pick it up and go back to the room to eat.
(23:40) You suddenly feel sleepy for a while, and lock the door and lie back on the bed-you have never been asleep as today as today ... before you enter the dream township, you hear the last voice coming from outside the terrace.The sound of east -west falls ...
Today (August 3) morning
You were wake up at the door and saw a "metal object" on the terrace (like a pistol).The person who knocked on the door was [Yao Zhongyi]. He took you to the living room on the first floor-it turned out to be a murder case and found that the corpse's [SHORT-Hired Woman] said that he did not leave the village carriage last night. The real murderer must be hidden here.
(Living room) Who is the real murderer?
Everyone can investigate other people's rooms or find witnesses and clues to infer the truth of the case.
Others you already know
1. Yao zhongyi: [Yao Changshou] second son, your friend, he invited you, you have a stomach now to ask him-he grows up with you, you know he is humble, and he has always respected himBrother.
2. Yao Mengren: The eldest son of [Yao Changshou], the elder brother of [Yao Zhongyi], died three years ago.[Yao zhongyi] Please pretend to be [Physician yu] to ask his father [Yao Changshou] to ask the truth about the death of the elder brother.
3. Yao Changshou: The big landlord of "Baili Village", you remember that he worked for [Meng] home.
4. Lady Hong: [Yao Changshou ]'s successor is much younger than [Yao Changshou].
5. You don't know others now.