Character story
You don't call [Hu Renyu]. You are actually the wanted Jiangyang thief "Golden Beard". Your real name is [Fan jinkui] less people know.
More than ten years ago (1900), you live in "Baili Village" in his hometown, and your fiancee [Tian Hongjiao] runs the "Emerald Residence" (tavern)-villagers call her "selling wine red". She is veryWill deal with the guests-there is a lascivious person named [Yao Changshou] in the village. Relying on the wealthy businessman, she ran to the "Emerald Residence" to harass her regardless of her age and family.[Yao Changshou] was soon beaten by [Tian Hongjiao] because of shameless, and then he was blocked outside the tavern with several people.You drive away [Yao Changshou] (you have to do the frame, but you don't expect them to be blunt), [Tian Hongjiao] carefully out of the tavern, and ask you, "What is the outside?"I feel cute.
[Tian Hongjiao] Introduce you to [Fang Chengshhan] (he is the uncle of Tian Hongjiao, and the assistant of the "Steward Du" of the nearby villa). Arrange you in the "Bai Shuang Pavilion" behind the village-you only know that there is a tunnel under the ground underground of "Baili Village" at this time.The employer must dig a huge empty hole on the side of the tunnel. Each time you dig out some space, [Steward Du] and [Fang Chengshan] let you move in some goods at night.
When you are about to be completed, [fang ChenGshan] with a foreign person visiting the [Yu Beichen] named [Yu Beichen].[Yu Beichen] Take down your tools and say that empty caves are very dangerous now, letting you leave quickly.You argued with him, pulling him and [fang Chengshan] to find [Steward DU]."Brother Li" left to continue working-the empty cave suddenly collapsed at this time. When people rushed to the rescue, everything was too late.
[Steward DU] Use the relationship to conceal the accident-you are very angry, secretly went to the villa nearby with the "tablet" of the knife and the "Li Family Brothers".You encountered [Steward Du] in the study, he held the fire candle carefully and held a small bag of things in his hand.You jump out, pull him out of his knife, and let him be fair!
[Steward Du] was frightened, and he put the small bags and fire candles on the ground.You pulled him out, he suddenly turned and ran away, shouting "There is a thief!" You hurriedly escaped.[Steward Du] Run back to the study, where the explosion suddenly exploded, and the ground trembled, as if an earthquake.
You know that you have a big disaster, you dare not go home, hide into the north of the village, and rely on wild fruit to fill hunger, until you meet three people-you are afraid that they will come to hunt you, and hide it.Three people argued, and one person had to tear a piece of paper and was stopped by the other two. He only had time to tear in half and was killed.], And the other you don't know.After they were murder, they argued for a long time. Finally, they took away the torn paper, and they also sent a poisonous vow to become a child.
You wait for them to leave, destroy [Fang Chengshan] with a knife, and exchange clothes with him. You still find a "French blue ornament" on him (you like it, just wear it on your body, the brothers' "tablet"You are reluctant to throw away) -You believes that everyone who sees the corpse will think that [FAN JINKUI] is dead.
You fled to Suzhou, mixed in Qier, and spent a few years of unbearable days.It was cold in winter. You hid outside a family door. A little girl came out alone. She wore a "golden lock" on her neck.
The little girl saw you, took out a piece of silver, and put it in your hands, saying that her mother told her to help people with difficulties.Your heart suddenly became hot, and he vowed secretly that he must repay her a hundred times or thousands of times in the future.
This family came out of an adult, and asked the little girl to come out again after returning, let you return it to him, and scold you for your shameless, cheating children's money!You can bear the anger, put the silver on the ground, and take a blue brick on his head while he is bent over.There is a kind of unspeakableness in my heart.You also scratched a few copper coins and "torn maps (above)" from the corpse. You can see that there is a "signature" of [Fang Chengshan] on the picture, and you stay with you.
Since then, you have been a bandit, because of the brave pilots, decisive things, and the "bottom of the case" and your men have continued to increase.Because there are a few yellow hairs in your beard, you get nicknamed "Golden Beard"-"Golden Beard" to the south of the river. The incompetent Qianqing Gate will only post a reward, but take you helpless.
At this time, I entered the Republic of China. Last year (1913) Nanjing "discussed Yuan", Jiangnan was smoky. You want to take the opportunity to change from "bandit" to "official"-to bring up the troops, first of all, you need to hear a nickname "White" White-Headed Snake "people stole a group of arms from the" Jiangnan Manufacturing Bureau "from Shanghai's" Jiangnan Manufacturing Bureau "last year, and they were looking for buyers.You go to Shanghai to find "White-Headed Snake" to talk about the price. He asked you to go to "Baili Village" to trade-you immediately alert to-Could he notice your origin?
You please go to the restaurant "White-Headed Snake", constantly persuade, push your heart, and even use the "torn map (top)" as a token (you lie to him that this is a treasure map), and finally test him to choose ""Baili Village" is because of the [Yao] home in the village-you are relieved.
You go back and prepare the payment of "two hundred gold", but you can't contact "White-Headed Snake" -You is afraid that someone is also playing the idea of this arms, and decided to go to "Baili Village" to find his "Inner Ying" directly directly.Trading-In order to avoid attractive attention, you let your men come to me after three days.
Yesterday (August 2) afternoon
After you pretended to go back to "Baili Village", first brought the "brand space" of the "Li Family Brothers" to the village to worship, and then learned in the "Emerald Residence" that his fiancee [Tian Hongjiao] actually married [Yao Changshou]-You were angry for a while, and broke the wine bowl-you also inquired about [Yao] to sell a piece of land in the tavern, and planned to use this reason to enter the [Yao] home to find "inner should".
You claim to [Hu renyu], the maid takes you to the first floor living room to see [Tian HONGJIAO] -Hu she is now called [Lady Hong].The land to be sold is the north of the village, and you just promise the price she opened-the woman in front of you should be your wife, but now it is called [Yao Changshou] as a husband.Cover the color.
At this time, a man holding his coat came in, and he had a pungent smell on him.The man greeted you, you politely responded, and then he whispered to [Tian Hongjiao].After the man left, [Tian Hongjiao] arranged for you to stay in the room on the second floor and gave you the key to your room. She said that [Yao Changshou] should be rest and confirm the "transaction" in person-when you don't care about the land, go to the guest room to rest, Think about how to make "inner should" come to you.
Yesterday (August 2) evening
Except for clearing tables or clocks in the game, it is an estimated time, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
(22:10) When you hear the sound outside the door, open a door gap and see [Tian Hongjiao] talk to people in front of the door next to your left room.You are in the room, and hear a woman vaguely saying, "... yao Changshou ... trouble ... kill ...By the way, the price is not cheap! "
(22:20) Someone called [Tian Hongjiao].
(22:30) The sound of "bang" came out of the window, and you immediately became alert and found a "pistol" from your luggage (your love gun-horse brand).
(23:00) The sound of "bang" came out of the window, which was clearer than I heard.
(23:10) You open the window and hear someone talking in the balcony.You leave the guest room, explore the corner in front of the right stairs, see a "black jazz hat", use the "white scarf" to block the face, and still wear [Mysterious Man] with "sunglasses" at night.The "railings" on the balcony.You return to the corner and lean on the door of the room behind you, thinking whether there will be the "inner response" you are looking for.Then you hear the sound of things falling to the ground.
(23:20) You just want to look at it again, and when you find that the people in the room behind you push the door, you will go back to the room immediately.
(23:40) You want to see [Tian Hongjiao] and ask her recent situation.
(23:50) You come to the first floor and see a [Long-Hired Girl] at the door of the old house on the first floor.By repay "Little Girl".You find that she can't see her eyes and hurry up and help her.She suddenly asked: "Is it you?" You answered without thinking, "It's me, I have never forgotten you all the years-Suzhou Girl · ...You just take this "Changsheng Lock 这个 ..." Before you finished speaking, her tears flowed down. You immediately said, "Whoever wants to bully you, I want his life!You said that he helped her into the old house on the first floor and sent her back to bed.
(00:00) You hear someone walking around the corridor and immediately hid behind the curtain.A [Fair-Skinned You] came in, and he whispered to [Long-Haired Girl], you only heard "... he was dead-I saw it with your own eyes!" Then [Fair-Skinned Youth] Run out.
(00:10) You regret the impulse just now-you come here to have "purpose", and you can wait for the matter to be said.After you calm down, you go out quietly without alarm [Long-Hired Girl].
(00:20) The direction of the living room is light. In the past, you saw [Tian Hongjiao] squatting in the porch. She was frightened and sweat penetrated her clothes.You asked her what she was doing so late, she pointed at the door and said that there was no sound when she heard it, and she dared not go out to see it. She was afraid of "bad things" -You knows she is afraid of "ghosts" and "afraid of" fear of fear ""Things are called" bad things ".You secretly took out the "pistol" and walked out of the door to check.
(00:30) There is a corpse outside the door-although you are surprised, it is not surprising-it seems that not only you are holding other purposes alone, maybe someone stares at your arms.At this time, the same thing fell from top, and you immediately shot before you saw a bloody "white scarf".[Tian Hongjiao] When asking you "what happened outside" in the house, it reminds you of the previous time.
(00:40) You let her not come out, say that there is a snake outside, and then you use the "white scarf" to pull the body under the window to the east, and then let [Tian Hongjiao] come out and seeThe appearance of hiding back immediately is exactly the same as that year.
(00:50) You send [Tian Hongjiao] to rest in the room and see her husband [Yao Changshou] lying on the bed, aging ugly, a half-dead look-you are about to test her "inner response", [Yao Changshou] Suddenly staring at [Tian Hongjiao] said, "Meng Ren said he knew the baby, you went to call him ..." [Tian Hongjiao] 's face changed all of a sudden, let you go back to the room to rest, say "Transaction "and so on.
(01:00) You return to the second -floor room and rest in your eyes until dawn.
Today (August 3) morning
[Yao] It was already a big chaos from the beginning of the family-the corpse was discovered-first found that the corpse [SHORT-Han Woman] said that the carriage that did not leave the village last night, the real murderer must be hidden here ...
When you come to the living room, you see everyone, thinking that as long as you find "Inner Ying", complete the "transaction", and wait a day, your men will come to "Baili Village" to welcome you.
(Living room) Who is the real murderer?
Everyone can investigate other people's rooms or find witnesses and clues to infer the truth of the case.
Others you already know
1. Tian Hongjiao: Your fiancee is now the successor of [Yao Changshou] and is called [Lady Hong].
2. Du Huixin: [Steward DU] near the villa near "Baili Village" died in the explosion caused by you broke into.
3. Yao Changshou: The landlord of "Baili Village", he has worked for the wealthy businessmen and is a lot of people. You witnessed him and another person murdered [Fang Chengshan] (uncle of Tian Hongjiao).
4. You don't know others now.