
Character story
You are not a comprador, [Judy] is your pseudonym. Your real name is [Zhang Decai]. Your parents died young and you grew up with your aunt [Zhang Yadi]. She was [Yao Changshou]'s concubine. Although you gave birth to the second young master [Yao Zhongyi], the status of mother and son is still not that of the elder. Mrs. Fang [Madam Xu] and eldest son [Yao Mengren].
At that time, the family of [Yao Changshou]'s colleague [Fang Chengshan] also lived in the mansion. [Fang Chengshan]’s daughter [Fang Minyue] is close to your age. She has received a new education, which makes you envious. [Fang Minyue] is very good to you - that was the best time for you in the mansion, but it passed quickly - in 1900, [Fang Chengshan] suddenly disappeared, his wife took [Fang Minyue] back to her natal family in Shanghai, you chased her out He made a promise to his sweetheart that he would make a fortune in the future and marry her in a red sedan chair.
You only exchanged letters with [Fang Minyue] from then on, and learned that she was very painful about [Fang Chengshan]’s disappearance, but she was strong and interned at a medical hospital in Pudong, and later went to a Western hospital. You were still with your aunt at this time Living under the fence of someone else, I began to worry that the distance between them was getting bigger and bigger.
Later, [Yao Changshou] became a big landowner in "Baili Village", and [Madam Xu] became more and more dissatisfied with her aunt. The eldest young master [Yao Mengren] treated you and [Yao Zhongyi] as servants, calling you and drinking around, but you don't dare Resist. Three years later (1903), my aunt fell from the second floor balcony and died. [Madam Xu] asked [Yao Changshou] to send [Yao Zhongyi] to the capital to go to school - you were an adult by then and felt it was time to leave.
Before you left [Yao]'s house, you stole valuable things. You wrote a letter to [Fang Minyue] that day, telling her that you had made a lot of money and would marry her immediately. - You were discovered and arrested by [Yao Mengren] just after you sent the letter. Get up and take him to the government. After you were released from prison, you went to Shanghai empty-handed and had no face to meet [Fang Minyue]. You could only hang out in the city and gave yourself a foreign name [Judy]. You still dreamed of one day becoming famous and marrying your sweetheart in glory - for many years In the past, not only did you achieve nothing, you didn't even have a serious job.
Last week, when you had nothing to do, you returned to "Baili Village" and found out that [Madam Xu] had passed away a long time ago, and [Yao Mengren] had also died of illness. At this time, [Yao Changshou] had newly married a [Lady Hong]. You came to [Yao]'s house, claiming to be a comprador with a foreign gentleman in Shanghai, and now you are back to visit relatives (you concealed your true identity and only said that you were a relative of the Yao family). 【Lady Hong】received you warmly.
When you were chatting, [Lady Hong] mentioned that her family had a piece of land that had been idle for many years (the woods in the north of the village), and [Yao Changshou] wanted to sell it for cash. You thought this was an opportunity to make money through commission, so you ran back to Shanghai to find a buyer without even meeting your cousin [Yao Zhongyi]. When you were in jail, you met a man nicknamed "White-headed Snake" who claimed to have many connections. When you asked him about it, he suddenly asked you if there was any place in "Baili Village" where you could hide things?
You remember that more than ten years ago, [Fang Minyue]’s father [Fang Chengshan] hired a foreman named [Fan Jinkui]. When you went to find her father for [Fang Minyue], you saw him leading people to the north of the village. Excavating and transporting things near Baishuang Pavilion - Later, the underground collapsed. You ran to the mansion to call people and told them that something happened behind the scenes. None of the "Li brothers" brought by [Fan Jinkui] ran out...
You take "White-headed Snake" to find an entrance near the "White Frost Pavilion" that has long been buried by weeds. There is a tunnel underground with nothing in it. You go to the end and find the mechanism. When you open it, you will find the exit. When you go up to the ground, you will see that at the exit is a movable tombstone in front of the grave, which is engraved with "The Tomb of Meng Ren, the Unworthy Son of the Yao Family". To the west of the tomb is a gray-white two-story mansion, standing on a piece of yellow land, with wisteria growing on the outer wall of the mansion. The front door of the mansion is firmly locked with a "big lock" (with French blue decoration on the lock). The flat keyhole is stained with embroidery marks. It is unknown how long it has been locked. It is surrounded by dense woods.
"White-headed Snake" laughed and said that this place was nice and there were no people at all. Later, "White-headed Snake" transported many wooden boxes into the tunnel and hid them under the tombstones at the end of the tunnel. Before he returns to Shanghai, he will give you a task, saying that if someone comes to see you in the past few days, you should receive him, and you will benefit from it afterwards.
You lied to [Lady Hong] and claimed that you had found a buyer. The buyer would come to see the land soon, and you had to stay here for a few days to wait for him. [Lady Hong] arranged for you to stay in a guest room with a terrace on the second floor (the fence between the terraces is not high), and gave you the room key - you waited for a few days, but no outsiders came, so you went to Shanghai to find "White-headed Snake" ", I heard that he was captured by the troops stationed in Shanghai. "White-headed Snake" tried to escape after the interrogation, but was shot dead by the lieutenant who was called in to investigate the case!
Yesterday (August 2) afternoon
You rush back to "Baili Village" and meet a [man with disheveled hair] outside "Bai Shuang Pavilion". Afraid of being seen by him, you pretend to be wandering around and light a cigarette. He wants to take a "match" from you. (matches). You see him walking far away before he gets into the tunnel, runs to where "White-headed Snake" hides his things, pries open the box and sees "rifles" inside.
You were so frightened that you were dizzy and sweating, so you quickly wrapped a "rifle" in your coat, turned on the mechanism, took a few breaths of outside air, and started walking around the mansion - you knew that you were involved in an arms smuggling, This fatal illegal transaction may have been exposed - you suddenly see a [Long-haired Girl] in white standing on the balcony on the second floor of the mansion, releasing a white dove into the air.
You were afraid that she would see you when you returned to the tunnel, so you lit a "match" on the dead leaves on the ground, trying to divert [Long-haired Girl]'s attention. Unexpectedly, the fire started when the wind blew, and the blue flame suddenly reached the first floor of the mansion. You quickly ran back to the tunnel, thinking that you had committed a fatal thing this time. Thanks to your fast running, when you left the tunnel from the entrance When I looked back, the tunnel was filled with billowing black smoke and a pungent smell.
You ran back to [Yao]'s house and saw [Lady Hong] talking to a guest in the living room. Out of politeness, you greeted the other party. At this time, you could only place your hope on the "White-headed Snake" transaction partner, hoping to get escape expenses or access to the other party. You quietly asked [Lady Hong] if she had any money today. Strange people come, [Lady Hong] whispers to you that there is a [Short-haired Woman] on the second floor, like a female bandit.
bandit? Very good! -You didn’t wait for [Lady Hong] to introduce the guests, and hurriedly confirmed the identity of [Short-haired Woman] on the pretext that you felt uncomfortable.
You came out of the living room and saw [Yao Zhongyi] coming out of the master bedroom on the first floor (where Yao Changshou and Lady Hong live) and then went to the second floor (you hid at the stairs, he didn’t notice). You saw him giving away [Short-haired] dressed as a bandit. Woman] went to the guest room on the second floor. You know that there is a set of "spare keys" in the master bedroom on the first floor. When you sneak in to get it, you see [Yao Changshou] lying on the bed. You waited by the bed for a while, and seeing that he didn't move, you stole the "spare key", went upstairs and knocked on [Short-haired Woman]'s door. After making sure that no one was in the room, you unlocked it and went in: there was a "green man" in the room. It's a long package wrapped with cloth. You open a corner and see a "rifle" inside.
You concluded that she was the trading partner of "White-headed Snake", but you didn't dare to contact her rashly. After you returned to the guest room, you thought about how to make a "deal" with her - you lay in bed thinking about it and didn't feel like you had fallen asleep.
Yesterday (August 2) evening
In addition to looking at the watch or clock, the time in the game is an estimate, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
You didn't sleep peacefully and were soon woken up by the sound. You opened your eyes and saw a "black jazz hat", a pair of "sunglasses" and a "white scarf" on the balcony of the room.
(22:10) You want to get in touch with [Short-haired Woman], but as soon as you walk out of the guest room, you see [Fang Minyue] whom you haven't seen for many years - she is even thinner than before, but you still recognize her at a glance. Not only are you not getting ahead, you are also in trouble. You don’t want to be seen by her. Thanks to [Lady Hong] calling her at this time, the door of the guest room next to you happened to be open. You hid in the next room and listened to her [ Lady Hong] said: "I...Bob...Qing...Kill..." You hurriedly hid in your room before you finished listening.
(22:20) You put on the "black jazz hat" and "sunglasses" on the terrace, and used the "white scarf" to cover your face - even if you are seen by others, you will not be able to recognize who you are (you are especially afraid of being Fang Minyue make out). You wrote a "note": "Tonight at midnight (23 o'clock), I will wait for you on the balcony on the second floor." While there was no one in the corridor on the second floor and the doors were closed, you stuffed the "note" into [Short- haired Woman] under the door of the guest room, and then go to the balcony on the east side of the second floor to wait for her - you also take the "rifle" you brought back from the tunnel, hide it behind you, and prepare to make samples.
(22:30) You hear a "bump" sound from the west on the balcony.
(22:50) You heard someone shouting "Yao Zhongyi" on the west side of the second floor.
(23:00) [Short-haired Woman] came to the balcony with a long package. She asked you: "What else do you want to do?" You guessed that she already knew that you had entered her room, so she made a gesture to whisper. , lowered his voice and said: "I know you came to Baili Village just to find me. Tomorrow I will bring my things with you as agreed before and I will leave here with you."
"Forget the previous agreement, I have changed my mind."
"Changed your mind?" You said anxiously, "You don't know yet, things in the army have been exposed, White-headed Snake" is dead, and I will soon be implicated, all because of your family's money. Deal' - It doesn't matter, the "deal" can be half price, as long as we go together tomorrow! "
Seeing that she was hesitating, you quickly took out the "rifle" as a sample and said to her: "Did you see this gun? Now that things have happened, either we leave together, or no one wants to leave!" You know in your heart , the lieutenant who killed "White-headed Snake" will soon find this place, and it will be difficult to fly by then.
You didn't expect that [Short-haired Woman] suddenly turned against her. She untied her "green cloth" and pointed her "rifle" at you. You became more and more anxious and shouted: "If you can, beat me to death now!" You didn't expect that she actually shot you, but fortunately it only hit the "railing" of the balcony next to you - you were so frightened that you backed up and leaned on the "railing". Only then do you realize how vicious the female bandit who made the deal with "White-headed Snake" is! At the same time, you are also glad that she did not see your true face. [Short-haired Woman] said, "I don't want to see you again." and left.
(23:10) You feel that the "railing" behind you is crumbling, and a [young man] walks up to you and asks who you are? You didn't want to cause trouble, so you lowered your voice and said, "Boy, don't mind your own business and go back to your room!" Look.
[Young man] was still looking at you carefully, so he picked up the "rifle" in his hand and threatened him: "Boy, are you tired of living?" [Young man] immediately raised his hand. Just as you were about to put down the gun, He came over with a single arrow, cut your wrist with one palm, knocked the "rifle" out of your hand, and slapped your chest with his backhand. You hit the "railing" of the balcony backwards, and then he kicked the "rifle" away, picked up the "green cloth" and tied your arms. You struggled a few times, but couldn't get away. The "railing" of the balcony suddenly fell down, and it was thanks to [youth] that you held on to the "green cloth" to prevent it from falling. You suddenly remembered that your aunt [Zhang Yadi] fell from here, and you also suspected that the "railing" was made Too much hands and feet······
(23:20) You broke out in a cold sweat and said to [Youth]: "Thank you so much!" He let go of you, and you immediately walked around him and walked back to your room.
(23:30) When you return to the room, as soon as you take off your "sunglasses", you see a dead man on the terrace! You dared to take a look at the corpse's face: his face was covered in blood, his expression was shocked and familiar, and the terrace was stained red with his blood!
(23:40) You pushed the body until it fell off your terrace - you were planning on escaping the next day and there was no room for suspicion.
(23:50) You were glad that you had taken the "spare key" earlier, and you used it to open the storage room on the second floor. By this time, you were sweating profusely, so you took off your "Black Jazz Hat" and threw it at the door of the storage room. He took out the "rag" and "cleaning tools" and wiped them back to his room to clean up the blood on the terrace, and then hid these things in the miscellaneous room on the rooftop.
(00:20) When you return to the second floor, you find that the "Black Jazz Hat" thrown at the door of the storage room is missing. You quickly return to the room.
(00:30) Only then did you notice that you were still wearing a "white scarf" and it was stained with blood, so you threw it off the terrace. Then you heard a "bump" sound downstairs, but you didn't dare to poke your head out and climbed back into bed.
(00:40) You hear someone talking downstairs, it seems to be a man and a woman. You are very tired by now, and soon you fall asleep.
This morning (August 3)
You woke up early and wanted to leave, but the body has been found. Everyone gathered in the living room. The [Short-haired Woman] who found the body said that there was no carriage leaving the village last night, and the real murderer must still be hiding here... You avoid [Fang Minyue]’s gaze, pretending to know nothing, hoping to get through...
other people you already know
1. Yao Mengren: [Yao Changshou]’s eldest son, born to his eldest wife, was domineering and died three years ago. He discovered you stealing things and was beaten.
2. Yao Zhongyi: The second son of [Yao Changshou], born to your aunt [Zhang Yadi], he was not yet an adult when you left here, so he should not recognize you.
3. Yao Changshou: You remember that he was not the owner of a big house or a big landowner before, but you now claim to be his relative.
4. Lady Hong: [Yao Changshou]’s step-brother is very enthusiastic towards you.
5. Doctor Fang: Her name is [Min Yue], and she is your first love. You once promised to marry her, but now you are very afraid of being recognized by her. Her father [Fang Chengshan] disappeared in 1900. You have seen [Fang Chengshan] go out with a temporary "map" drawn on writing paper and a special "Fang Lan Key" (flat key).
6. You don’t know the other people now.
