Character story
You are a woman who is in a mood. I do n’t like to restrict the restraint. I cut short hair and love to wear men's clothing.
You were born in Taiyuan, Shanxi.During the Qing Dynasty, my father [Liao Yiqiao] went to the foreign classic business, and went to the home of Tang Maoguang, who was in Hangzhou, to take the troops in his house, and then you saw the guns in his house.Please teach you shooting and use.
Your father is now the chairman of the "Jin Chamber of Commerce" of the Republic of China and runs the "Liao Family Commercial Bank", and business involves many foreign affairs and factories.There are often various characters in "Liao Gongguan". After my father picks up you, he is busy with business and official duties, and rarely comes back.You don't like this home, and you often go out for reasons after adulthood."Liao Gongguan" is taken care of by the housekeeper [Grandpa Ren] (Ren Zhongyuan )- [Grandpa Ren].
Among the guests who often come, there is a young soldier named [XU BOQING] and you have seen a few faces with you. After he was transferred to Taiyuan after the "1911 Revolution" (1911), he was about to return to the south.You plan to go to Hangzhou to visit the uncle (you have never seen you again after your mother died), [xu Boqing] After hearing it, I took the initiative to ask for your "protector meal" -the first out of the door, never protect it, never protect it,His father agreed with his request.
Before you set off, [XU BOQING] received the troops telegram and asked him to go to Suzhou's resident. You see him difficult, and he said that he would accompany him to Suzhou to report it-you intend to wait for him to go to the army and go to the uncle's house alone.
(July 25) When you go to Suzhou, live in "Linchi Inn", [xu Boqing] tells you to wait for him-he can come back three days later.You agreed, as soon as he left, you went to Hangzhou.
The daughter of the uncle (your cousin) went to college in Shanghai, and did not come back during the holidays, only the uncle was at home.I was very happy to see you. He gave you a fine workmanship "Hanyang Rifle" -This gun was "trial-made" that year.EssenceI asked you to use it carefully. You asked him if this kind of gunpowder was very expensive. He smiled bitterly: "My old friend said, they are more precious than gold ..." You use a "green cloth" to "Hanyang"The rifle "wrapped up, and he joked that your hobbies are the same as boys. If you are in the front, no one dares to marry you.
(July 28) A reporter from the "Declaration" came to visit the uncle. You think of [xu boqing] at this time, you should say something, and you will resign with your uncle-you plan to go to Shanghai to see my cousin.Don't tell her first.You return to "Linchi Inn", [XU BOQING] is still not back, you play in Suzhou and wait for him.
Yesterday (August 2) afternoon
You received [XU BOQING] sent someone to send a letter to the inn, saying that he was in "Baili Village" [Yao], because Ren couldn't get rid of himself, so that you waited for him for a few days."Baili Village" is located between Suzhou and Shanghai. When you go to Shanghai, you happen to pass. You do n’t need to be accompanied by people. I plan to meet with [xi Boqing] to avoid concern.
You hire a carriage to "Baili Village" -the only one way to enter the village. [Yao] The house is located in the north of the village. It is a forest with a terrace with a forest.
You knocked on the door, the maid took you to the living room on the first floor, and saw a [bright makeup woman] and two young people.The second son [Yao zhongyi], [Yan makeup woman] is his father's successor [Lady Hong].
[XU BOQING] Living in the room on the second floor, he wore a "black jazz hat" in the room, blocked the face with a "white scarf", and also wearing a pair of "sunglasses" -the he saw you was shocked and happy, took off the camouflage, and took off the camouflage.Let [yao zhongyi] go out and ask him not to disturb you.You come here just to say goodbye to him, he seems to have misunderstood something.
[XU BOQING] whispered to you, "White-Headed Snake" mentioned that "the wanted dangerous person" will appear here, so that you don't go out alone-you don't know what "White-Headed Snake"."Black-headed Snake", you don't like the tone of this command, you tell [xu boqing] you can help him, he laughed-you see that he did not take your words seriously, and said to him and said to go to Shanghai.
[XU BOQING] frowned, saying that "Baili Village" can't be comparable to the city. There is no carriage from the village in the afternoon. You have to wait until tomorrow to leave. It is better to stay here tonight.Then he shouted [Yao zhongyi] to take you to the guest room to settle.
[Yao zhongyi] Give you the key to your room and send you in.When you put down your luggage, stay in the guest room for a while, and lock the door and leave.You go to the village to take a walk. As soon as you walk into the forest of the village, you can see the rolling black smoke rolling in the depths of the woods, and the light of fire. A "white bird" rushed out of the black smoke.outside.A [man with a messy hair] ran out of the inside.What happened to him?He was panicked and couldn't answer.
You see a youth (I have seen it in the living room) and holding a [Long-Hired Girl] (he covered the girl's mouth with his hands and dragged it on the ground) from the woods.You want to save people, but the "Hanyang Rifle" stays in the guest room. If these two men are a group, how can you deal with weapons?
The young man suddenly fainted in the arms of [Man with a messy hair], and you lifted [Long-Hired Girl] to see that she was unconscious.
[Yao zhongyi] Running into the woods, he supported the young man, saying that the youth was the [Physician yu] he invited, and the unconscious [Long-Haired Girl] was his sister-in-law [Chen Junmeng].[Men with a messy hair] Claims to [Uncle GUI], understand some medical skills, and say to help.[Yao zhongyi] Please help [Chen Junmeng] into a clean bedroom (old house on the first floor) on the first floor of the house. You see her beautiful appearance, her eyes closed, and tears in the corners of her eyes.[Uncle GUI] Bring [Lady Hong] with the medicine and come in to check her.
If you can't help it, come out of the room. When you encounter a "black jazz hat" in the corridor, use the "white scarf" to block the face, and still wear "Xu Boqing" in the house.He asked you not to talk first, take you upstairs to his room.
Do you ask [XU BOQING] What kind of ghost is you pretending to be?He said he could not be recognized.Then he asked you to know [Chen Junmeng]?I heard you only know the name before he was relieved.You ask what is in the woods behind his house?[XU BOQING] Sne and sneer, saying that there is "shame" in the [Yao] family where the [Yao] ... You just want to continue to ask, [xu boqing] suddenly grabbed your hand and confess to you: "yun lingIn fact, since I saw you for the first time, I fell in love with you ... ""
You throw away him and warn him to pay attention to the size, you are not even friends now.When you turn around, [xu boqing] Chasing the door of your room, you push away the door (the lock of the door is open).When you go back to the room, you go to the door. At this time, you find that the "Hanyang Rifle" in the house has been moved, and the "green cloth" outside is also opened ... You check your luggage without losing your property.
Yesterday (August 2) evening
Except for clearing tables or clocks in the game, it is an estimated time, and there will be an error of about 10 minutes.
(22:20) Someone stuffed a handwritten "note" from the gap between the door, saying: "Tonight (23:00), I am waiting for you on the second floor balcony" (no signature).
(23:00) You come to the balcony, this time you bring the "Hanyang Rifle" with a bouncing-only one person on the balcony at this time.Wearing "sunglasses" -The people who see you are [xu boqing], and immediately ask him, "What else do you want to do?"
He made a gesture that made you whispering, lowered his voice, and said cleverly, "I know you come to Baili Village", just come to me-tomorrow I agreed to the things, bring things with you-I leave you with you hereEssence"
"Even if the previous agreement, I have changed my mind." You don't want to continue this topic anymore-you.No one is needed to accompany, not to mention such an attempt to "protect the messenger".
"Change your mind?" He was a little excited. "You don't know yet, the things in the army were exposed, and White-Headed Snake died, and I will soon be affected. This is because of your family's＇Trading ，-it doesn't matter, 易 trading, can be half price, as long as we will go together tomorrow! "You know nothing about your father's sale over the years, and you will never think that it will be related to him and the troops.
He watched you stop talking, and took out a "quick rifle" from behind him, and pointed at you and said, "Did you see this gun? To this day, or we will leave together, or everyone wants to leave! "
Look at him holding the weapon, immediately unbutton the "green cloth", and hold the "Hanyang rifle" to aim at him. He is still hard: "If you have the ability, you will kill me now!"The balcony "railings" shot.He was scared to step back and leaned on the "railings". You left the sentence: "I don't want to see you again in the future." He returned to his room.
(23:10) The sound of east -west falling from the window.
(23:20) You want to go out and take a look. When you push the door, you feel that the door is held. You picked up the "Hanyang Rifle" and pushed the door again. This time, the door was opened.You see [xu boqing] wearing a camouflage on the corridor and walking towards his own door. You don't want to talk to him again and close the door back to the room.
(23:40) You estimate that [XU BOQING] has returned to the room, and then go out of the room and see a figure flashing at the stairs (you did not see the appearance of the same appearance).
(23:50) You follow the shadow of the stairs and see the corridor on the first floor, a man (at this time the light on the first floor is very dark, you did not see his appearance clearly) to support [Chen Junmeng], and said to her, "Who wants to bully you, I want his life! "You remember [Yao Zhongyi] mentioned that [Chen Junmeng] was his sister -in -law, and it is estimated that this man is his brother.If you don't want to overheat your husband and wife, go upstairs and return to the room.
(00:40) There was a sound of "touch" outside the window. You opened the window and saw someone outside the door. [Lady Hong] poked out, and then she took a man into the house.You smile bitter, turn off the window, and go back to bed to rest.
Today (August 3) morning
Tiantian, you can pack your luggage and want to go to see the carriage.You leave your luggage, go out of the door, and see the blood on the ground outside the gate, and continue to the window of the easternmost side of the mansion (the master bedroom of the first floor).The blood stains are a person lying on the ground.
When you walk over, the person on the ground is [xu box]!His camouflage only had a "white scarf" with blood staining.You see that there is injury on his head, there is a blood hole in his chest, the blood of the wound has been solidified, and it has been dead for a long time-you look up and look at the balcony you shot last night.Xu Boqing Under the body ...
You hurried back to the living room and notified everyone to come out, because the carriage that did not leave the village last night, you know that the real murderer must hide here ...
(Living room) Who is the real murderer?
Everyone can investigate other people's rooms or find witnesses and clues to infer the truth of the case.
Others you already know
1. XU BOQING: Dead.In his twenties, he participated in the uprising in Wuchang and was sent to Shanxi. He often went to your house.You go to Suzhou together, you guess that he pretended to be "Baili Village" this time to complete the ren's service given by the army.
2. Yao zhongyi: [Yao] The second master of the family knows [xu board].
3. Physician yu: The doctor who was invited by [Yao ZHONGYI], he held [Chen Junmeng] out of the woods.
4. Lady Hong: [Yao] Mrs.'s wife.
5. Uncle GUI: You noticed his eyes away, remembering "Xu Boqing" The wanted dangerous person "said.
6. Chen Junmeng: The sister -in -law of [yao zhongyi] has kept her eyes closed, you don't know what happened to her.
7. You don't know others now.